Can 'A' level students take part-time programmes?
Who can I contact for technical assistance on ERS (Event Registration System)?
What does "returning resident" mean?
What can I expect from the hall facilities for on-campus accommodation?
Am I obliged to submit the matriculation card upon withdrawal?
What is the GEM Explorer mailing address?
Can I book my flight before I receive confirmation of my acceptance / Acceptance Letter from the host university?
Can I select organisations not in my field of specialistion under Phase 1 selection?
can i still key in the ECA record after dateline?
Contact information / directory for various enquiries
Can I apply for the Singapore Universities Student Exchange Programme (SUSEP) at both NUS and SMU in the same semester?
What should I do if I forget to bring my matriculation card for the examination?
How can I check if my passport is valid?
My host university is asking for a 'Certificate of Enrolment'. What is this and where do I get it?
Why study Economics?
Why is my car being wheel-clamped?
Should I be paid for working overtime?
Withdrawal from Scholarship Programme
During my Bioengineering programme, will I have the opportunity to study abroad?
How do NUS High School Diploma applicants appeal after receiving the application outcome?
Should I make a copy of my host university acceptance letter?
Do I need to pay to borrow an e-book from EBL?
I am a Polytechnic student. Can I obtain exemptions for similar courses completed in Diploma for Accountancy undergraduate programme?
If I had cleared all the AUs 1 semester before my graduation, do I need to take extra more AUs?
Closing date for scholarship?
What is the difference between a double degree and a double major?
What are the job prospects for me if I'm in the Mechatronics stream?
Who are our alumni?
If I had decided to take a minor, how should I go about for the application? Any special document needed?
How can I confirm that my MC for examination has been received?
What are the things that you need to take note when you change your network password?
Definition of "local applicants"
If I were to withdraw from my current programme and apply for a new programme at a later stage, will I still be eligible for the tuition grant?
What is the difference between a Network Printer and a local printer?
What quality assurance processes will there be to ensure that the course is delivered with a high standard?
What is my Windows LIVE/Office 365 EDU email address?
Can I take a gap year before commencing my studies at NTU and have the offered place reserved?
The undergraduate programmes offered by the School of Computer Engineering?
What is the Library's policy on gifts and donations?
Does the Chinese Major (Humanities and Social Science) accept international students?
How do I cite an interview using EndNote?
Are we allowed to eat in the library?
Can I use the Distribution Lists in the Global Address Book?
A student with a lower CGPA was allocated and I was not, may I know why is this so?
Is there a School of Bioengineering at NTU?
What are the healthy lifestyle events on campus?
Can I take exam during my attachment period?
Can I use my parents CPF to pay for tuition fees and all other fees that is required for my studies?
What are the academic programmes offered by the School of MAE?
What are the job prospects for our Business graduates? Does NBS help its graduates secure jobs?
Where can I find the Authorisation for Release of Information and Acknowledgement (AAA) Form?
I am a student but why am I unable to login to access the Library's e-resources?
I have misplaced my conferment letter. Can I request for another conferment letter?
What is a submission form?
How do I submit my papers to DR-NTU as part of the OA mandate?
How do I know whether my on-line application has been received by NTU?
Interviews and Proficiency Tests Conducted by Schools
What is the General Paper requirement for admission? Is it part of the application form?
Are the passwords of my NTU Network Account and Windows Live/Office 365 EDU Account the same?
I am an NTU alumnus. How can I join NTU Library ?
What should I do if I were given medical leave during IA?
Can I register for my last minor elective in the Special Term?
Financial assistance for research programmes
Where can I get the full report of the 'Singapore Infrastructure Report'?
I am interested, what I need to do to enter NTU EEE degree course?
Does online purchase using credit card payment need to go through ePR or P2P?
What time do the classes start?
Why do I always have to press the 'Continue' or 'Shift-Continue' button to get my print job printed?
Appeal for exam results
How can I view and print my examination results?
How do I save data, files or documents from library PCs?
What is the Important customisation you need to make for Live Counter?
Are visitors allow to visit the hall residents
I have taken the Mother Tongue Paper last year and did well for the subject. However, the Mother Tongue Language grade may not be needed in the University Score. Will I be worse off compared to applicants who did not do well for the Mother Tongue Language?
Can I find computers in the library to use for my assignment?
Where can I find information related to Grade Point Average (GPA) system?
Can i apply for Special Semester?
online classes offered
What are the minimum academic requirements for admission to the LKCMedicine?
Which database provides market capitalization data of US listed companies?
Can I practice as a qualified TCM practitioner outside Singapore upon graduation from the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
What are the notebook / personal computer models that are offered at preferential prices? Where to buy?
What IT services are available in NTU?
How do I find books?
Will my diploma result affect my application?
Who can assist me if I have left my security card, key or valuables in a room that is locked by electronic security?
What is the total number of Academic units (AUs) that I need to take to graduate from Bioengineering?
Where is NTU?
What is the difference between a Bachelor of Accountancy & the ACCA qualification?
Who can I report to concerning a suspicious activity or person?
I have not received my host university transcript since returning a few months ago, what should I do?
What are the charges for season parking?
Can I connect my computer to more than one network printer queue?
What is my password for my alumni email account when I log in for the first time?
Is The Programme Open to All Polytechnic Students? Is the Mathematics Admission Requirement the Same as That of A-Level Students for the Economics program?
I understand that I can practice as a doctor in Singapore after getting a MBBS from Lee Kong Chian Sch of Medicine. However, can I do it in UK and other parts of the world ?
For my research proposal, what should I write?
How is the Classification of Honours determined for the Double Degree (Acc & Bus) programme? What is the percentage of students who graduate with honours?
Can I apply for SUSEP (local exchange) if I have participated in GEM-Explorer (INSTEP) or GEM-Discoverer (GIP) in the previous semesters?
Students Expelled for Cheating in Examination
Can students apply for season parking?
student insurance plan
I foresee that the participation rate in student activities would be affected by the implementation of the Hall Admission Scheme. Does the university have any concern over this?
Where to get the giro application form for hostel bill
How do I register for IA?
Why is the full-text of my paper not available in DR-NTU (open repository) even after I have successfully submitted it?
Duration of research programmes
Employment Opportunities in NTU
Are there discussion rooms in Business Library?
My school office has helped me book a booth via the 'Pavilion and Canopy Booking System' for our project / activity. Where can I collect tables and chairs for the booth setup?
Can you tell me more about the Second Specialisation programme for Business students?
Will it be a disadvantage for students who apply late but still on-time before the closing date?
how can i donate to NTU
What are the courses offered at NIE?
Does NTU Library have IEC standards?
Difference between Aerospace and Aeronautical Engineering
Can I arrange to live off campus during the programme?
Is it an advantage to have studied Economics at A-Level?
School of Materials Science and Engineering (MSE) FAQs
What are the opening hours of Humanities and Social Sciences Library?
What are the charges for use of the gymnasiums?
How is the BFA structured?
Does the University allow women applicants to defer commencement of their studies for 1 or 2 years after they have been offered place?
Can students who do not meet the minimum Campus Life Involvement apply for hall?
Application for halls
Why can't I download EndNote?
Are there tools to help me create message boards, photo gallery, surveys, etc. for my club's site?
Where is the photocopying service in Business Library?
How do I view the approval status of the courses which I have applied for?
Registering for a friend who is away and I cannot remember his PIN
Access wireless network at other Eduroam institutions
I came across a posting of poor taste on the Public Folder. Who do I report this to?
I am a scholarship holder. Will I be eligible to apply for Overseas Attachment?
I have heard about Bioengineering, but am not sure what it is?
Are there any other NTU School restrictions for students applying to GEM Explorer exchange?
How much can I download under "fair dealing"?
When is the class schedule for the semester usually released?
What are the application procedures?
Singapore International Graduate Award (SINGA) by A*STAR
What is the duration of the Accountancy Programme and the modules to be covered?
Will full-time national servicemen who are expected to complete NS after the start of the Special Terms be allowed to disrupt NS to matriculate early?
INTEGRATED PROGRAMMES ?
Why are higher study year students given priority in the first day of course allocation the Add/Drop period?
Who is my school's/department's webmaster?
Programmes of Study
What is the minimum cut-off points for polytechnic students?
I have input my event but I can't find it in Event Calendar page, why?
Can first-year engineering students specialise in aerospace engineering in their second year?
How do I find key telecommunication indicators for Singapore, Korea, Finland and Taiwan?
How do I report correctly to the Service Desk for assistance on clearing or deleting print jobs in a network printer queue?
how the newly elected management committee members in the current year are allocated a hall?
How to get into special term?
Will a face-to-face interview be conducted by organisations offering Overseas Attachment?
Mailing of Degree Certificate to Graduates
Who is the Director of CAO?
I have just re-sit for my General Paper and had obtained a better grade. Is it necessary for me to sit for the QET examination?
Where is entrance exam held in Indonesia?
How many intakes are there?
What is One Search?
I am studying in a university in Australia now. Does NTU accept transfer students or can I be admitted to Year 3 of undergraduate studies here?
What is the initial password for my Network / Office 365 account?
Is it alright if I keep my computer on and connected to the wireless network 24-hours a day?
I want to select a partner university to go to, where do I start?
What are the scholarships available for students from ASEAN countries?
How can I request for floor plans of my school?
Due to some unforseen circumstances, I wish to withdraw from my programme of study - what is the procedure?
Are there any scholarships that I can apply for to subsidise my fees at either NTU or the Beijing University of Chinese Medicine (BUCM)?
CPF Education Scheme
How to get replacement certificate?
What are the entry requirements for the NIE programmes?
Is there any application fee payable?
I paid my hostel application fee by cheque 2 weeks ago but my payment status online states that payment has yet to be received. Could you help me check if NTU had received my payment?
For international students holding local polytechnic diploma, which application form do we use? Should we apply as an international student or should we apply based on our qualification?
Do you offer Digital Media courses?
How do I upload my publication list to ResearcherID?
Who can have a guestbook?
Reservation of place
What is the effect on the total points for newly elected management committee members under Cat A for admission to halls in the following academic year?
How many AUs will I be awarded for IO?
I am a new research scholar. I have enquiries on stipends such as amount, payment/remittance date, etc?
Is there any download limit for Internet access?
How much is the Tuition Fees?
I'm an ex-research staff of an NTU affiliated organization. Am I required to pay an annual fee for membership?
Why am I unable to log into DR-NTU with my NTU login user ID?
where is hall 14?
national service commitment
Minimum and Maximum Candidature
Do students who put a course on waitlist as Core, GER Core or major PE be given priority over other students who put the same course as GERPE or UE in the allocation during the Add/Drop period?
Academic Calendar - Semesters
What should I do in the event I am unable to apply for my general electives during the add drop period?
What are the cut-offs for the Business programme?
What are the charges for use of the swimming pool?
How do I know if I've fulfil my AUs requirement?
I am an International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma applicant. How do I update my contact after submitting my application?
Part-time jobs for international students
How do I apply for additional courses after I arrived in NTU?
Can I list my club's website somewhere in NTU's site?
What are the sports teams that I can join in NTU?
How do International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma applicants appeal after receiving the application outcome?
I am not an NTU Library member. Is it possible for me to use your library?
When can a person holding a High School Certificate apply for undergraduate programmes?
I have set my computer to "Obtain an IP address automatically". How do I verify that my machine has been assigned an IP address?
If I have been given academic warning (AW) or placed on academic probation (AP) will I be allowed to overload?
I'm absent from quiz conducted by school, what should Ido?
once is conferred can till hold the student pass
I would like to enquire what are the requirements in order to enrol into Art, Design & Media course?
What is NTULearn?
Does the Library have electronic books (e-books)?
Does the number of places reserved for university athletes include reserved players?
What are the admission requirements for NUS High School Diploma?
How is your program different from the polytechnics'? I heard that both the university and the polytechnics are teaching the same thing. I also heard that polytechnic graduates are more employable and hands-on.
What are the withdrawal matters that I should take note if I wish to move out./withdrawal from Hall
Authorisation for collection of degree certificate
I am applying using my NUS High School Diploma. How do I know if I have successfully submitted my application?
Leave of Absence (including Maternity Leave)
How do I update my personal particulars with the Alumni Affairs Office?
I'm an alumnus at NTU. Am I allowed to attend your workshops?
How do I know whether I am required to take the Qualifying English Test (QET)?
Who can I contact regarding matters on the Computer Ownership Scheme?
Are there any individual reading carrels in NTU library?
What If I Want to Change My Major after the First Year in Economics program?
What do teaching staff need to do to put copyrighted materials in their coursepack?
Does my sharing or distributing of movies, music, software, etc. on the campus network or on the Internet using IRC channels, etc. constituting to an offence?
Is there any other supporting ways to get a place in NTU by reference letter?
Where can I print my lecture notes?
What if I have exceeded my personal website quota?
Do I have to pay for using the campus computers?
What is the minimum GPA in order to be eligible for application for NTU programmes?
When is the period to declare S/U Options?
When will I know the results of my application to programmes by coursework?
Can I clear my core courses while doing international/local exchange?
I have just passed the oral examination for my Ph.D. thesis, When can I expect to receive my conferment letter?
Will I still be eligible for tuition grant if my change of programme is successful?
Does the University have adequate insurance policies to cover the public visiting the campus?
How will the medical education at the LKCSoM differ from that offered at the two existing medical schools?
Can I work part-time during IA?
How do I make sure that I don't plagiarize?
Periods for Registration of Courses Including Add/Drop Periods
If I am currently in my final semester with my Polytechnic, can I apply for admission?
Can new student choose specifically to be allocated to Halls with air-conditioned rooms?
I am a nigeria student want to study electrical and electronic engineering as undergraduate and how do I apply it?
What are the qualifications and experiences of the instructors in this new Aerospace Engineering program?
I am a polytechnic student. How do I notify the school if I want to be considered for direct entry into year 2 of the SBS Biological Sciences programme?
How can I apply for financial assistance (PC Loan)?
Which e-resource can we use to locate information on Alloy Phase Diagrams?
How do I apply for the scholarships?
What is the demand for chemical and biomolecular engineers in Singapore and the region?
I need to access a patent in the USPTO patent database. Can you please guide me how to download it?
Who are eligible for exemption of subjects?
Is there restriction to sharing of room with different genders?
How to reset my NTU network account / Office 365 EDU account password?
What is/are the criteria to apply for the Ministry of Education (MOE) Tuition Fee Subsidy for the Part-time B.Eng Programmes?
How do I borrow materials that are "material being catalogued" in the library catalogue?
Distance Learning - Nil
Can Pakistani students apply for engineering?
Is it possible for existing books in the Library to be charged out to me or my school as long-term loans? How long can the books be loan out for?
Discretionary entry into NTU
Where can I learn more about HTML and the creation of web pages?
How do I request for NTU papers (including theses)?
When is the hall application date in Sem 2 ?
Why am I unable to find the exam papers for my course?
Can students add back the same course that is dropped during the Add/Drop period?
i would like to rent a fridge for 1 semester
How would I be informed if my library item is ready for my collection?
How would I know my network account has been locked?
Where can I get more information?
May I know who else is going with me to my host university?
What should I do if I am unable to access full text of articles via the links in PDF documents after logging into a subscribed database from the Library?
What does the personal website quota cover?
Change of Address
How can I apply to NTU for undergraduate programmes?
Which programmes will grant students direct entry to Year 2?
Can staff place videos on the Web server?
Can I complete my medical checkup outside of Singapore?
Why is there a need for an 'O' level pass in Additional Mathematics for the Psychology course?
I had confirmed my NTU offer, when will I receive my enrolment package?
Under NTU Open Access mandate, is the author required to submit all articles accepted for publication?
How long has the SBS Biological Sciences programme been around?
Tuition Fee Loan
Is wireless connectivity possible within Business Library?
Does CITS provide web design services?
Can I work part-time during IO?
How do I join the Library as a member?
Is there any way which I can get in-touch with other participants from the programme prior to the programme commencement?
What publications do I submit to DR-NTU as part of the OA mandate?
I do not have any 'O' level, does NTU consider ITE NITEC as an replacement for 'O' level ?
may i know when will be the next application date for hall?
Why does this message (client IP is block because: Spider trap hit Blocked IPs: 155.069.004.004 - 155.069.004.004) appear when I'm trying to enter into the CRCnetBASE?
Can I choose a partner university that is not relevant to my School at NTU for GEM Explorer?
Can I change programme during my NS?
Do I have to pay for using the NTU wireless network?
How can I check on the status of my application?
How can I find information on the subject area on SIM card and EZlink card technology?
Where can I find out more about the fees and the MOE Tuition Grant?
How do I get copies of the syllabus of the course I attended while in NTU?
How do I submit application online?
Will bright students be exempted from certain Materials Engineering course subjects and, if so, what are the criteria for exemption?
Where and how can I view audiovisual (AV) titles in ADM Library?
If a student wants to add a Core, GER Core or major PE course during the Add/Drop period, does the course need to be put on waitlist for allocation?
Do you offer video courses?
How to update my email address?
How can I save the email address of my friends and contacts outside NTU?
Do you offer part time programme in Business & Computing (Double Degree)?
What is the emphasis of the Chinese Major at NTU?
When is the application period for International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma holders?
Will grades obtained from exchange programmes at overseas/local universities affect my CGPA?
Appearing for Class XII board in March 2007. Wish to apply for the next academic session. Please tell us when we can apply?
What is CAO's contact information?
Can I place scripts on my site?
How degrees are offered to SPMS undergraduates?
What is the network account lockout policy?
Are both the degrees of the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme internationally recognised?
Does NTU offer a Medical degree ?
How do I make an NTU library catalogue search in EndNote?
How to change my account password?
What items are included in my bill?
Can a SCE PhD student , take a 7 series subject offered by EEE ?
How can I report any illegal parking of vehicles?
I really like my host university and I want to transfer to my host country or to another university, how do I do this?
School of Computer Science and Engineering (SCSE) FAQs
I am an international students, What documents should I submit when I apply NTU study loan?
Career and Attachment Office
I have surfed your School's website and find it to be informative. For the answer to question 4 of the FAQ, it was stated that ".... In short, SPMS graduates, just like engineering graduates .... work together as team members all across the Singapore economy". The answer seems nullified when I was at the College of Engineering's website that says "A scientist discovers that which exists. An engineer creates that which never was - Theodore von Karman". [Submitted by Andrew Goh]
How to merge two or more word documents (different EndNote Libraries) into one document?
Where is the reading areas located in the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
How can I apply for access to use NTU Event Calendar Admin Module?
I registered for courses but applied for leave of absence later, Do I have to drop/de-register the courses?
NPGS
Why am I unable to log into iNTU with my NTU login user ID?
When and how do I apply for the scholarships or funding?
Who will make up the faculty at the LKCSoM?
How do I cite scripts or speeches using EndNote?
Can I contact the partner university directly?
Is the Hall Admission Scheme skewed in favour of international students since they are by default assigned the highest point for distance?
Who can create personal web pages?
If I were to engage a vendor to design my site, what do I need to let the vendor know?
Can I apply if I fail my GCE 'O' Level English or with a score of D7?
Briefly describe the curriculum for the undergraduate medical programme?
Graduate Student Link (GSLink) - New PhD or Master Student in NTU
Can I opt for a single room instead of twin-sharing during my study in NTU?
Which department transfers the credits from the host university?
Can senior student apply to stay with a new student?
Why am I not able to print to the library network printers from my laptop?
Who can apply?
Should I alert my Hall Officer in NTU that I am going on an exchange?
I have signed in to NTUwireless from the web browser. Due to a software problem, I had to reboot my laptop but I was able to access the Internet without signing in again. Why is this so?
I would like to extend my GEM Explorer exchange to stay another semester. How do I do this?
What do I need to do as an NTU Ambassador while on GEM Explorer exchange?
How do I search for ADM Library materials in the library catalogue?
Will I be notified if my application for GEM Explorer is not approved?
Hi, I would like to know if we can move out of our halls in december and then move back in again after the semester break to avoid paying for the hostel fees? I understand that the hostel fee has already been deducted but can I get a refund?
Who can I ask for assistance if I have problems with my Alumni Email Account and the Email Forwarding Service?
I do not wish to disrupt my NS and would like to be admitted to NTU upon completing my full-time NS, what should I do?
Research Programmes - Overview
How much is the application fee for NUS High School Diploma applicants?
How could I contact the CIRT (Computer Incident Response Team)?
How do I locate specific e-journal articles?
How is the Accountancy curriculum run? What are the learning/teaching styles under the Accountancy Programme? What is the emphasis of the Accountancy curriculum?
Does the Library have ITU standards?
What are the borrowing privileges for members of the NTU Board of Trustees, senior government officers and members of parliament?
How do I apply for Local Exchange Programme?
Can I go on to higher studies at postgraduate levels under SADM?
Is it compulsory for applicants to opt for Special Term? Who is eligible?
what time close
What is the difference between a Double Degree and a Second specialization?
Is my accounting and finance's degree from Northumbria University at Newcastle able to admit NTU?
How do I get full data privacy on NTUwireless?
Are mature age students eligible for admission into the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
What should I consider when finding a place to live off-campus?
If I am unsuccessful in my application, how do I receive feedback on my application?
What are 1-hour PCs?
Is the online appraisal form for Discretionary Admissions (DA) similar to the reference report for medicine programme?
What does the term (nocirc) in the Library Catalogue mean?
May I know about b.com and computer software diploma in your college
Are there any computer terminals at the Business Library?
How will I know if my application has been submitted successfully?
IT facilities leasing
How would I find out the results for GEM Explorer's Round 2?
What are the payment modes for the acceptance fee?
How about the passing grade of Math and Chemistry if I'd like to take CBE in undergraduate programmes?
What is the main difference between the materials courses offered by NTU and other universities?
Will there be any convocation ceremony for Graduate Diploma programme ?
Can staff apply for additional quota?
what is BG?
How long will the visa application take?
Why are university athletes guaranteed hall accommodation while other categories of competition participants are not given such a privilege?
lost matriculation card?
Codes for a submission form
Can I do my IO in my final special sessions?
When can I know the results of the scholarship application?
What are the subjects that can be exempted?
How do I accept the offer online?
What are the rules for using Library PCs? What can I do at the computers in the Library?
How do I request to convert VHS tape, mini-DV or DVD disc to CDs?
What payment modes can I use to pay my application fee?
NIE student teacher for year 2 can apply for hall for the new academic year?
Where can I check the number and status of the appraisal submitted online in support of my application under the Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme?
Foreign students admission criteria
My high school examination results are not available yet. Can I apply now?
How do I set up my mobile phone or handheld in order to access NTUmobile?
What are the settings in Google Scholar for EndNote?
Classification of Students
I am going to serve National Service. How do I check if I have accepted the offer and the programme has been reserved for me?
What are the points for Campus Life Involvement under HAS?
I rejected my GEM Explorer Allocation Offer by the deadline, are there any penalties?
Descriptions of the undergraduate programme offered by the School of Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering?
I'm an ex-teaching staff of NTU. Am I required to pay an annual fee for membership?
When can I use the Hall PC Rooms computers?
Release of examination results
How should I get building defects or faulty services rectified in my office or in common areas?
I am reading Chinese/Higher Chinese at A level. Do I have an advantage in doing the Chinese Major?
How do i apply for the Tuition Grant?
Do I still need to pay fees to the Host University if I am on GEM Explorer?
Supervisors for Research Students
If I am sick for a test and have produced an MC, will my marks for the test be transferred to the final examinations? Will it affect my overall grade?
Currently my student club's website is on \\WEB\STUDORGN. Can I move to WEBX?
How soon do I have to submit my paper into DR-NTU as part of the OA mandate?
Under Registration of Courses in my Exchange Portal, what is the meaning of "No" under Registration Status and "N.A." under Confirmation of Acceptance?
If I have already got approval to take up the IA placement secured by myself, do I still need to register for IA?
Is "Dissertation" and "Independant study" module included in GPA calculation?
Where are the microfilm readers?
I am a current NTU student and I wish to change my programme.
What are the ways to apply for a part-time job in the library?
Do I register all my courses (including unrestricted electives) during the registration time slot?
Where is CITS (Centre for IT Services)?
What can I do with a degree in Chinese(Humanities and Social Sciences)?
Undergraduate intake statistics
I'm confused; how do SADM subjects differ from those offered by the School of Communication and Information?
How is the room allocation done? Are students allowed to choose their room? Will immediate past residents have priority to the same room?
How to apply compassionate leave for my continuous assessment?
How do I remove video contents such as advertisements, long breaks etc... from a VHS tape, mini-DV or DVD to a new edited VCD, DVD or to school website?
I want to complete my exams at NTU rather than the host university. What is the procedure?
If participation were truly to be borne out of interest, why would the new scheme still reward participants for Campus Life contribution?
Availability of accommodation
How do I publicise my club's events on Campus Buzz?
Why do I need to log off or reboot after changing my password at the Network Account Changer website?
Can I engage my own contractors to renovate my office/laboratory?
Can I use someone else's photograph or painting for my poster?
How are the undergraduate programmes offered by the school of Physical and Mathematical Sciences be carried out?
What are the student organisations in NTU and how could I participate in their activities?
What is the procedure to request to video-record corporate events, lectures and teaching experiments on location for teaching, promotional and archival purposes?
Do we accept personalised forms on our web server for Surveymail ?
Registration of Courses by Non-graduating Students
Where can I order my official NTU transcript to apply to the host university?
What is the marks equivalent to Grades A, B, C, D & F?
What is so great about NTU's Bioengineering programme?
What are the subjects to be taken?
Is there any campus license for PC software?
How many students will the LKCMedicine accept each year?
What are the scholarships available for PRC / China nationals?
How to renew a book on-line which is already on hold?
What is considered as a logon attempt?
What are the modems supported by Dial-up Service?
Why is there an error in downloading the paper under Molecular Physics Database?
Is there any schololarship for post doctoral research at NTU?
Why is the BMAT conducted in the middle of the GCE 'A' Level examination period?
What should I do if I am required to attend NS training during the IO period?
I am interested in Chinese (Humanities and Social Sciences), but I have practical concerns as well. What shall I do?
How can I apply for overseas exchange programme?
How do I locate the backfiles of the Journal of Hydraulics Division?
How to log off StudentLink / GSLink / StaffLink?
If I apply part time and full time at the same time, will my application of full time programme be lower?
When I attempt to connect to a remote computer by using Dial-Up Networking, I receive the error message "Error 745: An essential file is missing. Re-install Dial-Up Networking"
I have published my event but it did not appear in Campus Buzz, why?
I am sure that I have opted for S/U grading for my course but I am given a letter-grade instead. The system fails to capture my declaration.
What are the courses available
Am I allowed to bring in a dictionary into the examination hall?
when will HOLA open again?
What is the expected salary for ntu graduates?
What are some known issues when using Instant Messaging?
When is the application period for Part Time undergraduate programmes?
Am I eligible to apply for scholarship?
If a faculty has already submitted details of a new paper and attached the full text to RIMS, does he still need to deposit the document in DR-NTU?
What are the cut-offs for the Accountancy programme?
What are Subject Guides?
Which GRE test should I take if I am applying for M.Sc in SPMS ?
I am a polytechnic student and have been offered entry into year 2 of the SBS Biological Sciences programme. Can I opt to start in year 1 instead?
What is the minimum and maximum period of candidature for my programme?
What is the difference between Bio-Engineering and Materials Engineering Courses?
Minimum Number of Courses for Research Students
Who can I report to concerning noise pollution on campus?
Should CAO request organisations to issue testimonials to PA students?
When can we apply?
When is the periods to declare S/U option?
Is there any exemption for the Accountancy and Business programmes?
I have followed what is recommended but my account still get locked out frequently. What should I do?
What is the number of students accepted per year for Double Degree (Acc & Bus) programme?
I received this message "Undeliverable: Your message did not reach some or all of the intended recipients" when I sent an email to more than 50 addresses. Why is that so?
How to obtain permission to use copyrighted materials if it exceeds the legal limit?
Can male & female share one room?
how to pay computer loan?
How many libraries are there in NTU?
How can I get an application number?
I am a Masters student at NTU. Can I apply for GEM Explorer?
What is the charge for loss of room key/access card
How do I call the Library?
Who are the global partners of NTU?
What are the rental rates for each undergraduate Hall?
What are the restricted book titles in Art, Design & Media Library?
How do I request for an item from the closed stacks?
Can I be placed on waiting list?
May I submit the bibliographic details / paper to DR-NTU if the publisher does not support self archival policies?
It takes a long time to download files, web pages, download mails whenever I am on the network
Are there plans to extend the Aerospace Engineering degree into post-graduate studies?
I rejected my GEM Explorer Allocation Offer, are there any penalties?
Exemption of Attachment
What is a 'direct honours' programme?
When can we know the appeal outcome?
What can I do with an SCI degree?
Why are Senior Hall Fellows given 40 places for discretionary allocation?
Teaching Assistant Scheme
How can I find the PhD thesis of other universities?
How do I get to the Sports and Recreation Centre?
where are the hall
To View Option of Study
Fees of research programmes
What should I do when I sign the lease agreement?
i failed one subject, do i need to take another subject
Can family members or relatives be my appraiser?
How is the Chinese Major at NTU (Humanities and Social Sciences) different?
Do we accept personalised forms on our web server?
matriculation for NS
Managed Print Services (MPS)
Is there direct entry to 2nd year for the top 5% who can select any programme offered at the University?
How to access standards?
How to bookmark One Search in the web browser for future use?
I am a foreign student and do not have the local GCE 'O' Level results, does it mean that higher percentage will be allocated to my polytechnic results ?
What are the admission requirements?
What is so special about your Aerospace curriculum?
I have connected the network cable but my Local Area Connection does not show under Network Connections in Windows. Why is that so?
Is on-campus accommodation provided for exchange students?
Some of my peers Windows machines do not show up in My Network Places or Network Neighborhood. Why?
I cannot log on to my Network / Office 365 EDU / Windows Live account, why?
When will the admissions start for Indian students with Standard XII?
Is there a form to use for collecting survey results into a database?
How to set up my Outlook Client, computer or mobile device to access NTU email?
How do I contact the Art, Design & Media Library?
Early matriculation in May
Are any courses taught in Chinese in the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
My application has been rejected. Is there any way to appeal for my application?
Am I allowed to submit two self-sourced IO applications concurrently?
What is a Special Term?
Where are you located?
I am an overseas exchange student. Do I need to open a library account by myself?
If I was unsuccessful in last year's admission exercise, will I be penalised in any way if I apply again this year with the same results?
In the event that the backup approving officer has yet to approve the PR, can the PR be re-routed back to original approving officer?
What are the acceptable diplomas for application to NTU programmes?
I did not take A Level Biology. Do I still qualify for SBS Biological Sciences?
What are the scholarships available?
Can NTU students match with NIE courses in the GEM Explorer exchange programme?
If my change of programme is successful, can I transfer the courses that I have taken previously under the old programme to the new programme?
Can students appeal for the course(s) that they have opted to take on S/U basis to be changed to graded basis (and vice versa) after the exercise for S/U option is over?
I am on GEM Explorer and I really like the Host University. Can I transfer?
Fees of Graduate Programmes
What is my account username?
What are the sports facilities available on campus?
Does the NTU School of Biological Sciences have a scholars programme or accelerated programme to nurture and groom top students?
I have overdue fines for AV materials. How much do I owe?
What is the distance point?
What is the minimum requirements for Coursework admission?
Can I apply for Special Leave for campus activities (such as freshmen orientation camp, church camp, etc)?
What requirements do I need to improve my chances for admission to the Communication Studies programme?
As a Submitter, where should I add the contact details of the respective Lab/Office's receiver who would be receiving the goods physically?
How can I publicise my club's events on the Web or Campus Buzz?
How can I get the scholarship?
results of scholarship
What are the courses offered in Special Term?
I need to print my lecture notes. Where is the printing service in Business Library?
Is the S/U option available to exchange and non-graduating students studying in NTU?
I have passed my 12. Am I eligible to appear for NTU?
What is an Academic Unit System(AUS)?
My school/department does not have an existing website. How can we apply for one?
How many courses can a student be allocated during the Add/Drop period?
What is Global Summer Studies (GSS)?
What should I do if I were given medical leave during EIA?
I have a friend in Singapore and is agreeable to me staying at her place during the programme period. Is this arrangement possible?
What is the normal duration of the initial teacher training programmes?
I would like to swop my elective with a friend. However, in STARS, there is only an option to swop index number for the same course. There is no option to swop courses.
May i know if it is possible for me to take over my friend''s room who had decided to move out?
What is a network account and domain?
I am a returning NSmen supposed to matriculate next year and will be ORD early next year, is there an early intake for us?
I have missed my period for registration. When can I register for my courses?
fees on withdrawal
Do I have to select exactly 6 organisations under Phase 2?
How do I update/create my school's/department's official web pages?
I have a query about my project/assignment/research and I am looking for related materials in the library. Who can I approach?
What should I prepare in my application to the host university?
Can NIE users download EndNote?
What are the portfolio requirements for acceptance into SADM?
How do the organisations calculate the student allowance?
Ranking of University
where is hall 13?
I have been charged with a withdrawal penalty by GEM Explorer. What are the consequences for not paying the S$500 charge?
If I apply hostel successfully, when can I move in? Or can I move in 15th july ?
Can I view audiovisual materials at the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
What are the job prospects for Mechanical Engineering's Design stream?
Am I able to defer my exchange allocation to another year/semester, change university, or give it to a friend?
What are the opening hours of sports facilities?
Is there CPF deductions from allowance during IA?
Can I register for courses by other school not in the course timetable?
How can I view my Sent Items folder in Outlook Web Access (Webmail)?
How do I find names in the Outlook Global Address Book?
Do I need to submit SATS score and what is the minimum SATS score?
What types of support are available in ODFM for events and activities organized by staff or students?
What are the opening hours of Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
What if I cannot remember my password for my alumni email account?
I have been assigned an organisation of my choice in Phase 2, can I appeal for a change in the organisation?
I have just passed the oral examination for my Ph.D. thesis, When do I need to submit hardbound copies of my thesis?
Where can I obtain information on Special Term for Returning National Servicemen?
My parents wish to come over to visit the University before the start of the academic year, where can they stay in NTU?
Where is Hall 1?
I am a JC student. Can I obtain exemptions for the Year 1 Economics course as I have taken a similar course at A level for Accountancy undergraduate programme?
What is the objective and what are the benefits of having the OA mandate?
Can I trade in the Adobe software that is bundled with the notebook?
When I surf to some websites with Internet Explorer, I noticed that Internet Explorer does not display some of the pop-up windows. Why is this so?
How and when can I access my course sites in NTULearn?
I've forgotten my password for SciFinder. How can I retrieve it?
I have received parallel offers from the other 2 local universities in Singapore as well, how do I accept my offer of admission?
How many AU can I do in 1 semester?
Can I put 2 or more programmes/projects offered by the same non-interviewing organisation as my choices?
The partner university's academic calendar / semester term clashes with NTU's, can I still go?
i am indian this year i will enter in iitjee exam and also wiliing to give entrence for ntu exam plese explain how to fill application your enrence method
When will I be placed on academic standing?
How many years are available for exam papers on the exam papers website?
How can I register as a foreigner?
"I cannot configure Windows Firewall...". All settings on General, Exceptions & Advanced tabs appeared grayed out. Why is this so?
How is the Business curriculum run? What are the learning/teaching styles under the Business Programme? What is the emphasis of the Business curriculum?
Can I export citations from Wanfang to EndNote?
Can I bring coffee into the library?
How can I apply to study in NTU for one or two semester if my home university does not have an agreement with NTU?
How to change my StudentLink / GSLlink password?
Can I use EndNote with Mac Pages?
How do I update my address with NTU Library?
Selection of Elective
What is the cost for off -campus housing?
I would like to ask what is the minimum requirement for students from Polytechnic to enter NTU Engineering Faculty and Degree in Accountancy, and that whether FTMS diplomas and certificates are recognised in NTU.
How are the undergraduate programmes offered by the School of Physical and Mathematical Sciences carried out?
How do the terms and conditions of use of a contract or licensing agreement affect copyright?
If I were to complete my Minor in the special term, when will I be required to file for it?
Direct second year entry
What are the research areas that may be suitable for me after I graduate from this Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering programme?
Can Office of Academic Services send my matriculation card by post to me?
I heard that you have joint programmes with Stanford University where students can spend a semester in Stanford. As a matriculated NTU student, is it possible for me to spend part of my undergraduate studies at Stanford?
What is the minimum grade for Cambridge 'A' Level to be accepted?
Must gifts always be in cash?
My built-in wireless LAN adapter does not work on NTUwireless. Why?
What is the difference between Graduate Programmes by Coursework and Graduate Programmes by Research
Can I request the Library to buy books using my research funds?
Where can I apply if I am currently a final year High School ( i.e. Grade 12) student in Vietnam?
Can a student request for transfer of hall?
Do I still need to matriculate online if I am applying for leave of absence?
What are Public Folders?
Where can I find digital copies of NTU theses/Final Year Projects/attachment reports?
Where is Hall 5
Can I install my own air-conditioner, wall or ceiling fan in the room?
Are there any similarities between Chemical and Materials Engineering?
Why am I not able to access the library's e-resources with my NTU alumni account?
I do not want to be an Engineering graduate with a little bit of Biology in my portfolio. How much Biology can I hope to learn during this Bioengineering programme?
Why does the software not run, even after I have rebooted my computer?
Can I complete the Chinese program in less than 4 years (Humanities and Social Sciences)?
When is the closing date for application?
What stationery can I bring into the examination hall?
What kind of United Kingdom's degree are recognized in NTU? For undergraduate studies.
Can I apply for GEM Explorer if I had previously been in an overseas programme that was NOT an Exchange programme?
I got this error message "Error 691: ...cannot established a Dial-up Networking connection..." or Error 691: Access denied because username and/or password is invalid on the domain"
May I have the details of hostel charges indicated in my hostel bill?
I have to withdraw from the GEM Explorer programme. What is the procedure?
Where are the wireless hotspots in NTU campus?
I need to attend the oral examination for my Ph.D. thesis but I am currently overseas. May I know if the oral examination can be conducted through video instead?
I was offered admission to my third choice of programme. Can I still appeal for my first or second choice?
How to set up my computer / mobile device to access NTU wireless (NTUWL)?
What are the Career Prospects for English Major graduates?
What is SFX?
Do I have to authenticate each time I use the campus wired network?
Research Scholarship - Withholding of 10% of Monthly Stipend for the 1st 10 Months
Application date for Indian students
How will I know whether I am successful for the change of programme?
Is there a need to input both cost centre and WBS element in 1 PR?
Exemption for IB students
I need to print my lecture notes. Where is the printing service in HSS Library?
Which programmes grant subject exemptions to students when they start from Year 1?
My club has questions regarding organizing of activities and events, who can I approach?
Where is the Chinese Library?
I am unable to enter HOLA recently, and i urgently need to change my application. Is there any way i can do it?
What is Qualifying English Test?
I heard that the employment market is not favourable for Civil Engineers, and it may get worse in the future. When will you see the same situation happening for Environmental Engineers?
PhD Oral Examination
Is Professional Attachment or Internship compulsory for Business students? What companies will I be attached to ?
Can I go to a non-partner university under the GEM Explorer programme?
What are the rules and regulations governing the use of public folders?
How are courses allocated during the Add/Drop period?
Can graduate students working as part-time research assistants in NTU continue to access library's e-resources from home or remotely?
Where can I get local cases and judgements for Workplace Safety?
Since the GER's Prescribed Electives offers a choice of courses to read, how can the School assist a student if he cannot find a suitable timeslot for his ideal choice?
Can senior student apply to stay in the same room with cousin who is a new student joining the university in Aug?
I do not think I can complete all requirements of my programme of study by the maximum candidature period allowed. What should I do?
How do I register for EndNote training?
How many courses am I allowed to take? Can I take courses from different tracks?
Is Professional Attachment or Internship compulsory for Double Degree (Acc & Bus) students? What companies will I be attached to?
What is the qualification I must have to enter NTU if I am from Hong kong?
As an International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma holder, how do I apply for admission to NTU?
Do you want my resume to be submitted?
How do I request to design graphics for brochures, invitation cards, leaflets, posters, banners or other print publications?
What email file attachments are blocked?
Can Outlook 2007 or 2010 to connect to Windows LIVE/Office 365 EDU?
How to apply for temporary-sharing arrangement in the Halls?
Can visitors use NTU library?
if i am and PR, but I don't have a local home in sg, do I entitle for the same distance points for the international students?
What does 'overseas exposure' mean?
How do I set my default printer?
What are the recreational games available?
Do I need to enable cookies in order to use Webmail?
Do NIE users or Associate Members have access to DR-NTU (Restricted Access)?
Since Bioengineering is so broad, what can I specialize in?
Applying for PhD Programs while in the Final Semester of your Bachelor's or Master's Degree Program
How do I request for materials that are currently on order?
What is meant by 'Non-bonded only'?
When I am on an external organisation network and I am trying to VPN into NTU network, I simply cannot get connected.
Would it be unfair if the 150 places under Category A set aside for Non-Constituent Clubs include 'sleeping' clubs (inactive)?
NTU's Interactive Map
What to do if you encounter a stray dog.
Will I be informed of the marks that I scored for the entrance examination?
How to log in to iNTU?
How do I re-register for courses which I de-register by mistakes?
what is the bus schedule for internal shuttle bus in ntu
How do I apply for MOE tuition grant?
When connecting to NTU network and using Internet Explorer to perform Windows Update to patch my system, I encounter either failure to download or installation fail in my system. How do I resolve it?
Why am I not allowed to extend the network point in my room with a wireless Access Point or Base Station?
Does the Library have any online English dictionaries?
How is the NBS Accountancy programme different from the SMU Bachelor of Accountancy degree?
What is iChat?
How can I manually connect to the home drive?
Do I have to go for my host university's orientation?
Computation of University Score
National Institute of Education
How can I unlock my network account?
Can staff run scripts on the server?
When will I receive my Tuition Fee Bill and how to go about paying?
Under what circumstances will I be dropped from the Accelerated Bachelor's Programme?
How do I work offline?
History of NTU
Do I have to re-take the module if I am on MC for the final year exams?
Can I use Blackberry to access my NTU email (i.e. push mail)?
Can we still purchase a catalogue item in a saved template if the contract which the item has been tied to has expired?
Where can I make a report of my lost item in campus?
Do the cost of the rooms include cost of meals?
What assistance can I get for design of desktop presentations, conference CD/DVD-ROM, or web design?
What is CWAM system?
What will be the ideal poly GPA to get a place in NTU ?
Exemptions of Modules
How long has the Accountancy programme be around?
Why is BMAT required for admission to the LKCMedicine?
What are the benefits of Ezlink Cards?
Can I make payment for my gift in installments?
Will the credits obtained overseas affect the classification of my honours?
I am very interested in the programme but I do not have a biology background. Is the Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering course suitable for me?
Will I receive an official transcript at the end of the Summer Programme?
Is an exchange semester counted as part of the total candidature at NTU?
Can I setup my own server for my club/project/own learning purposes?
Where can I find the statistical information of the Malaysian economy e.g. unemployment, inflation rate, etc for the past ten years?
When does the application for local exchange (SUSEP) open?
How do I broadcast live event to ChannelNTU plasma TV or to another Lecture Theatre?
Admission requirement for psychology course
For the 24-week attachment, should I be receiving $3000 if my monthly allowance is $500 per month?
How do I book library facilities?
Who can use the campus wired network?
What is Studentlink and GSlink? How to access?
How is NTU part-time programmes different from NUS?
How many AUs will I be awarded for IA?
Can I complete the Economics programme in less than 4 years?
Can I choose my roommate and the hall which I wish to live in during my study in NTU?
Can I find students' notes in Digital Repository - NTU (DR-NTU)'s collection?
What is department Teamsite? How to create?
Why does the university allocate points to a local student willing to share a room with an international student or vice versa?
Format of Final Thesis
Is it compulsory for my student club to buy the package of 20 email accounts?
How to access mobile eServices portal (NTUmobile)?
Is there a cut-off time for viewing AV materials in the cinema room or plasma TV?
What is the NTU Library Toolbar?
Evidence of financial support
Can I keep my personal website after graduating or leaving NTU?
Can I indicate medical internships or related experiences (to display interest in medicine) as one of the 3 activities under the Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme?
What are the penalties for withdrawing from GEM Explorer?
GPA - Details
Will letter grades from the host University (NUS or SMU) be transferred back to NTU for SUSEP?
I have already submitted my thesis to my Supervisor. Am I still liable for research fees for this current semester?
In competing for jobs, how do the NTU graduates fare compared to other graduates?
What physical impediments can interfere with my wireless network reception?
Thesis Supervisor during Application for Admission Stage
I need a copy of the results slip to apply for a scholarship. When can I get it?
Can I gain admission if I fail the General Paper?
How to print to campus network printers? How to make payment for my printing?
How do I get my transcript?
How can I purchase written-off computers from the University that's put up for sale to students/staff?
How do I check for closure of sports facilities and the swimming pool?
What are the second-year entry requirements for the new Aerospace Degree Programme in NTU?
What should I do if I want to work in the libraries ?
I have missed / am unable to make it for the medical examination date as stated in the Admission Handbook. Is there any ways in which I can change my medical examination date?
How to re-apply?
Do all partner universities listed in GEM Explorer offer courses in English?
Is there a common webmaster account for the schools/departments?
Does NTU offer a 4-year direct honours B.Sc. in Biomedical Sciences (Hons) degree programme?
What can I bring along to the examination hall for the examinations?
As I am currently working, can I start to apply now and only commence in the following year?
How long will I be granted to stay and remain in Singapore?
Can my family or friends collect the 'NTU Letter of Participation' on my behalf?
How can a visiting professor or research fellow apply for library membership at the Communications and Information Library (CMIL)?
Does the Library provide printing services?
Can I join the NUS Libraries or the polytechnic libraries? How can I become a library member of NUS Libraries or polytechnic libraries?
Are there hot and cold water dispensers in Lee Wee Nam Library?
How is English Literature at NTU Different?
withdrawal from ntu
How to use SurveyMail.pl
Application Stage - Research Area
where to collect graduation certificate
How can I automatically add a Signature to my mail in Outlook Web Access (Webmail)?
How do the different types of accommodation available compare?
What does an Economist do?
How do I get technical support on Windows LIVE/Office 365 EDU?
where is Hall 4?
What is direct honours?
What are the different areas of specialisation offered by the School of MAE?
International student entry requirement
Rules & regulations on mass mailing
Where are the NTU Libraries?
I am currently pursuing an undergraduate programme at university. Can I apply to the MBBS programme at the Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine?
Is there a photocopier in ADM Library?
How long is NTU's Arts, Design & Media course?
How many audiovisuals can I check out at one time?
Why I cannot select this index number??
Will the LKCMedicine offer opportunities for postgraduate studies?
Do I have to submit a Giro Form if I am in receipt of any scholarship, study loan or bursary?
How much is the programme fees for the Summer Programme?
Where are the reading areas located in Lee Wee Nam Library?
I am interested in Chinese, but I have practical concerns as well. What shall I do?
What is the maximum posting/message size limit?
Is there a way to find out whether did I accept the offer from NTU?
How do I get a library card to borrow books from the library?
What is the number of Business students accepted per year ?
Do I need to sit for examinations for my approved courses?
How to apply if my international qualification is not listed in your website?
Where do I get a 'Letter of Nomination'?
where can i check whether i have applied for hall?
What is the product/license key for EndNote(Windows)? I can only install the 30-Day trial version of EndNote(Windows).
How can I automatically archive old items in my mailbox?
Is it compulsory to create personal web pages?
If I have not been shortlisted for interviews by the Big 4, can I re-apply?
What are the fines for overdue materials?
How long is each semester?
Electives
How do I create a guestbook?
Am I required to take the entrance examination?
Appeals about Termination of Candidature
How are the single rooms allocated?
What should you do when you see an animal (wild boar, ant eater, monkey) crossing the road?
What else do I need to do to enable my access to NTUmobile?
Combine A level results
What computing facilities are available in the Libraries? What are the opening hours?
How to apply if I am using my Unified Examination Certificate (UEC) result?
What is my StudentLink / GSLink Password?
Are the courses from the Summer Programme applicable for credit transfer?
Withdrawal of Candidature
How do I resume studies after my semester leave of absence ended?
Taking English Test
Who should submit to DR-NTU?
Are the four levels of points for Campus Life participation too broad?
I have obtained sub-pass in the Mother Tongue Language and I did not take the Mother Tongue syllabus 'B'. I have done well in my 'A' level subjects, will I be given a provisional offer of admission?
What is a LISTSERV mailing list?
What entry language requirements do international students need to satisfy?
What are the scholarships available for Polytechnic students?
How to get and write application number in the application form while applying for the FIRST time?
Do NTU accept australian matriculation Year 12 qualification?
Do students on IA (local or overseas) or Exchange Program (local or overseas) for one semester need to satisfy the minimum Campus Life Involvement in Annex B-1
Can multiple copies be made or communicated for a course conducted by the University?
What are the Tuition Fees for Graduate programmes by Coursework? Are there other fees payable upon admission?
Where will students attend lessons?
IT services for NIE students / staff / visitors
Scholarships for Graduate Students
Does NTU's server support FrontPage Extensions? If not, can staff still use FrontPage?
What are the admission requirements for NIE programmes?
How do I submit my appraisal form?
Qualifying Examination, Confirmation Exercise
Is there any full time project or research work during the SBS Biological Sciences degree?
How will students with the NUS High School Diploma applying for admissions be assessed by the University?
Estimated Monthly Expenses (International Student Centre)
Can wireless users use networked printers?
My organisation supervisor is agreeable to let me go on leave, do I still need to apply for leave through CAO?
Can I use the latest version of EndNote to open libraries created using a lower version of Endnote (EndNote 8, 9, X1, X2, and X3)?
What is the Email Forwarding Service?
What is Live Counter?
What are the operating hours of Campus Security?
How can I request the library to buy a journal article for me?
I am unable to continue with my coursework programme of study for a period of time - what should I do?
I am involved in an external/non-NTU club and would like to publicise my club's activities. Can I seek permission to paste posters around campus? Can you help me blast an email out to the student population?
Can I Complete the English Major Programme in Less than 4 years?
How to apply for operation of food stall in NTU?
What is the minimum grade for admission?
How can I access my e-mail?
I can't find my name on the Big 4 shortlisted lists, do I have to contact the firms?
What if i fail my QET
How do I request to put photos, video clips and slides presentations on the campus - wide ChannelNTU plasma TV to let people know about upcoming events?
For indonesian students, what category should we apply?
Are students allowed to choose their roommate?
The citation style I'm using requires journal titles to be abbreviated. How can I get EndNote to automatically abbreviate the titles in my library?
Why do download speeds differ from connection speeds?
How do I adjust my class timetable?
Is there a possibility for Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering students to do an exchange programme with foreign univerisities?
How do I know that the Windows Firewall is enabled in my system?
I need to use some sound effects recordings for my 4D Design class. Will I be able to find them in the library?
How are the examinations carried out in the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme? Do I have to answer the written papers in Mandarin?
Are applicants offering NUS High School Diploma required to sit for the University entrance examination?
Will I have the opportunity to study abroad (HSS)?
How do I know if I have outstanding fees with the University?
Rules & regulations governing the use of NTU Network
Where is Hall 7
Do you offer the Accountancy programme on a part-time basis?
How does the number of invalid logon attempts get reset?
Can I leave my laptop in the Library? Does the Library loan out laptop locks? Where can I borrow laptop locks in the Library?
Can I rent a room from NTU dormitory over the summer? I will be interning in Singapore.
What are the late payment fees on my student e-bill/hostel e-bill?
Can you give accomodation?
I have submitted the wrong application form
Tuition fees payable
Are air-conditioned rooms available in the undergraduate Halls?
Why is it that upon entering my academic results in the application form, the system still prompts me to submit / upload my results? I understand from my friend that he/she is not required to submit his/her results?
Will there be any penalty if I withdraw/be dropped from the Accelerated Bachelor Programme (ABP)?
when will I get the student bill if I choose service obiligation and tuition fee loan?
What are the codes for using 8 digits instead of 6 for Live Counter?
Can I use copyrighted materials if I provide full acknowledgement?
In some programmes that I know students graduate with degrees reflecting their major in life sciences. Does the SBS Biological Science degree reflect the area of specialization when students graduate?
What are the payment modes for the application fee?
I made a mistake on my online application for GEM Explorer, can I reset or go back to change it?
Conference Fees
What is Index Number?
I would like to check again my exam timetable but the Starplanner now is used for course registration for special term. What should I do now?
What kind of undergraduate qualifications are offered under Art, Design & Media ?
Is it possible to withdrawal from hall at anytime?
Can a student request to transfer to another hall?
Where can I find network points for use with my personal laptop in Library 2?
I am reading Chinese/Higher Chinese at A level. Do I have an advantage in doing the Chinese Major (Humanities and Social Sciences)?
Can staff use Dreamweaver?
Transfer from Coursework program to Research program and vice versa
What are the University's Semester Dates?
What Combinations of English Literature Subjects Should I Take?
Replacement of Matriculation Card
If a student is absent on compassionate or medical grounds from the examination of the course that he has not opted for S/U grading, can he still opt for S/U grading when he attempts the same course in the subsequent semesters?
Can I still apply for Ezlink card now?
How do I INSTALL EndNote?
I am in my first year Engineering. What am I required to do for Engineering streaming?
What do I have to do after I have changed my citizenship to a Singaporean?
How can athletes be given zero points for participation and involvement in a sport?
How can I create subheadings in my bibliography?
Thesis / Dissertation
Application for undergraduate programme for NS men
The partner university's academic calendar clashes with NTU's semester/term. Can I still apply to the partner university for GEM Explorer?
How do I access NTU network / e-services from home or remote sites?
Can I retain my coursework marks and sit for the re-examination?
Can alumni library members access exam papers?
I am unable to collect the matriculation card personally. Can I ask someone to collect the card on my behalf?
How do I use the Library Catalogue ?
What if a student does not stop writing when told to do so in an examination?
What is my default NTU email address?
How do I qualify to be in the Dean's List and how are we informed?
Map, Virtual Tour and How to Get to NTU
What preparation materials are available for BMAT?
Will I automatically get on-campus housing at the host university?
Are Accountancy and Business students vying for the same positions in the PA organisation?
I have not done well in the Mother Tongue Language but did well for the 'A' level content subjects and General Paper. How will the new admission changes be helpful to applicants like me?
I need to print my lecture notes. Where is the printing service at Lee Wee Nam Library?
How can I change my club's listing in the A-Z Website Directory?
What is the Mechanical Engineering's Design stream all about?
When should I take the BMAT?
I am on academic exchange, can I apply for interviewing organisations?
Medical examination and medical insurance
how to check the points for my traveling time?
I got this error message "No Dial Tone"
Passed my 12 in 2006. Can I apply?
Is there photocopying service in the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
Who chairs the University's Board of Discipline?
Is there a place in Lee Wee Nam Library where I can get some peace and quiet to study?
How can I access Library's subscribed databases?
I am an NUS High School Diploma applicant. How and when will I know the outcome of my application?
What is Windows Firewall?
Are students who have not taken Chemistry and/or Physics at A-levels at a disadvantage compared with those who have? (A similar question: Will a student who has taken both Physics and Chemistry at A-level have a considerable advantage over another student who has taken only Physics or Chemistry but is quite determined to read materials engineering courses?)
What are the codes to use for Live Counter?
Is there any permission to work on first academic year?
How do I obtain past year exam papers?
I am reaching my maximum period of candidature but I don't think I can complete my degree requirements by then. What should I do?
How do I configure my laptop to send print jobs to the printer service managed by the vendor in the library?
When was the General Education Requirement (GER) implemented?
Is it compulsory? Who is eligible for it?
How many courses should I apply to read in NTU?
Is software copyrighted?
What are the changes in the process for the Add/Drop period from S1 AY2012-13?
Where are the book deposit bins located?
How do I know if I have outstanding fees?
When is the application period for GCE 'A' level students?
How & when I apply for hostel accommodation?
What are the cut-offs for the Double Degree (Acc & Bus) programme?
How have the 550 reserved placements been derived?
What documents will I need for the visa application?
What if my student organisation have exceeded the quota?
Am I eligible to apply for Round 2 if I withdraw AFTER accepting the Allocation Offer in Round 1?
Requst for IT Services
I am a Polytechnic student. Can I obtain exemptions for similar courses completed in Diploma for Business undergraduate programme?
Would submitting multiple applications increase my chances of being admitted?
Where can I obtain the information on the new GCE A level curriculum?
What is NTUmobile?
In your application form, it requires the applicants to key in the grades that they had obtained in their polytechnic studies. How should I go about entering my grades in the application form?
Can I practice as a qualified TCM practitioner in Singapore upon graduation from the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
I am unsuccessful in my part-time application, how can I submit my appeal?
Can I have a personal URL like myname.where.sg?
Is there any bond attached for LKY-STEP award?
Who can I talk to about making an endowed donation?
I have made the application for replacement of matriculation card recently and subsequently found my matriculation card. What should I do?
Am I liable to pay fees if I withdraw from my course?
Why Study English Literature?
Webmail - Outlook Web Access Premium Features
Absence from Examination
Can I print a document from DR-NTU (Restricted access) http://repository.ntu.edu.sg/?
How much do I need to pay for the replacement of matriculation card?
If I do not have an O level Chinese, can I use other external Chinese examinations, such as HSK, for application to the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
How do I know whether I am eligible to arrange for an interlibrary loan from NTU Library?
How to access citation indexes?
What is the language of instruction used in Nanyang Technological University ?
Can I take courses when I am on Attachment?
Payment of Fees for Scholarship Holders
When I go for the GEM Explorer Research, will I still be able to take on local internships / attachments, for example: Final Year Project (FYP)?
What are the related 'Learning Services' available in NTULearn?
How do I register for Industrial Attachment?
What is the Computer Misuse Act?
Please email to convo@ntu.edu.sg
What should I do if my passport is expiring soon/has expired at the point of application?
My club is organizing an event and I wish to publicize the event on campus. How do I go about doing it?
Official Academic Transcripts
What is the University Computation Score for Singapore-Cambridge GCE 'A' level applicants?
Is there a quota limit for student organisation websites?
Will my CGPA be affected by the GEM Explorer exchange semester?
Who handles the investigations on incident reports, security, account abuses, etc. in NTU?
Are there any funding for Part-time undergraduate students?
When should I re-take my failed course?
How do I check for plagiarism for the work submitted by student?
After I have established dial-up connection, why am I not able to surf Internet?
Can I do my IA in my final semester?
How can I be kept informed of upcoming sports events or announcements?
What is PMail forwarding and Email forwarding for Alumni?
Is there a corporate design that my office website has to follow?
I already have insurance coverage back in my home country. Do I still have to purchase insurance in Singapore?
May I know the criteria for the award of honours under the GPA system?
May I know if Nanyang Business School has accepted any students having a CAT(ACCA) qualification on top of meeting the minimum requirement based on the A levels results? Is the CAT qualification considered as a bonus for getting into the Accounting programme?
Research Theses - Examiners
Can I read courses during EIA?
How much time do I need to give the Library for my VOD requests to be uploaded onto the VOD server?
I need to study. Are there any quiet study areas in the Business Library?
What are the currencies used in Singapore? Can I use my credit card(s) or bank card(s) in Singapore?
How to apply the scholarship for malaysia residents?
What is the Webmail timeout period?
Are TOEFL/IELTS/SATS necessary for international students with international qualifications?
What are supporting documents?
How to appeal for termination of candidature?
Would I be at a disadvantage in the Computer Engineering course without any prior knowledge of Computing?
Can I access NTUmobile from overseas?
I am an NUS High School Diploma applicant. How do I view or check the status of my application?
How can I purchase computer software at special price?
What are the job prospects for our Accountancy graduates? Does NBS help its graduates secure jobs?
Do I have to log in / authenticate each time I use the NTU wireless network?
Do I need a Visa to go on exchange?
where is hall 15
H3 subjects
Am I required to undergo Health Screening before matriculation?
If I have other exceptional talents, which I would like to highlight in my application, how do I go about doing it?
What is VPN (Virtual Private Network)?
if i go for instep, can i still keep my room in hall?
What are SAO contact numbers ?
What is a Social Visit Pass?
Scholarship for Vietnamese
How does the university obtain information on Campus Life participation?
Are the Edexcel GCE AS level results acceptable?
What is an 'Academic Unit'?
Examination Matters
What should I do if I wish to withdraw my hostel/hall application
How do I apply for the Premier Scholars Programmes (PSP)?
What is Round 2 application of GEM Explorer?
Why I'm unable to acces to Graduate Student Link (GSLink) account?
Replacement of Degree Certificate
How to save files from remote access?
Is NTUmobile service available 24 hours a day?
I'm applying for the MOE Teaching Scholarship and the PSC Scholarship. Can I enroll as a student as SPMS ?
I'm new to NTU, what are my computer accounts (username and initial password)?
Who can use the computing facilities in the Learning Pod @ South Spine?
Will i get a refund if i move out of hall one month before the semster ends
What is the total fees for the 4 year engineering course if I don't get selected for scholarships?
Can students drop a course that is allocated during the Add/Drop period?
When is the earlist time that we can move into our room if our application is successful for the new academic year?
Will the courses I complete on GEM Explorer Exchange count towards my academic unit requirement for my degree in NTU?
My host university is asking for the home campus contact person. What should I put down?
How and when can I apply for accomodation after i come back from GIP for semester 1
What is the complete application process?
What is the difference between My NTU Library Account and My One Search Account?
How is the Chinese Major at NTU different?
System rejects my course selection, displaying the error message that I do not meet the pre-requisite of the courses.
What is Open Access (OA) mandate?
Research Scholarship - Offer
Can I read courses during IA?
I have a daughter still attending study at SMU-Jakarta, Indonesia, want to get a scholarship at NTU. Need information, sir. Thank you.
how many halls does NTU have?
Will the weightings of a student be added on if he or she joins more than one committee?
bank interest rate
What if I do not submit my indemnity form to GEM Explorer one (1) month before departing for exchange?
What is the duration for Graduate Coursework Programme?
Does the reading of courses from a Minor count as fulfilling GER?
If I have checked in to the hall, may I withdraw?
Request for Lecture Notes
Who will have custody of found items found in NTU?
What is the criteria to have double majors? Do i need to apply when i'm applying for admissions to the school?
If I am selected for SUSEP (local exchange), will it affect my chances to participate in GEM-Explorer/GEM-Discoverer (INSTEP/GIP) in subsequent semesters?
Who do I contact regarding sports on campus?
Are Pass/Fail courses included in the S/U option?
Can I gain admission if I fail my Mother Tongue Language?
With Windows Firewall turn on, do I still need to have an anti-virus software installed on my computer?
What are the admission dates in NTU?
Does our library have subscription to the EuroCode?
What are the admission criteria for Polytechnic students?
Student Accommodation email
Requests for official transcripts by ex-candidates who have withdrawn from their studies
When does the aerospace in NTU begin?
What can I do with a degree in Chinese?
Can students who are eligible for the sports scheme opt for allocation under HAS Category C? Especially since sports scheme assigns only twin-sharing rooms?
What is the category for UEC holders to apply for?
If a local student finds that he or she is unable to get along with an international student, or vice versa, what can he or she do?
When do the halls close
How did the university arrive at the point system for Campus Life participation (Category C)?
How can I go to the Library's database or the electronic journal list from One Search?
Can I do a posting to the public folders?
Do you have a list of courses that you offer generally?
How do I know the outcome of my application for the local exchange programme?
What does it mean when my book is recalled by the Library?
Student Exchange Programme
When can I move into my allocated Hall of Residence?
How can I publicize my personal website?
Can the PR be withdrawn after the approving officer has approved?
what is acceptance fee?
Can I use my PSEA funds to cover my expenses for GEM Explorer exchange?
What determines a student's chances of getting the room that he/she wants?
What is the opening hours of Chinese Library?
How do I find data on bilateral trade between China and other countries, such as US, UK, India, Singapore, EU, etc?
I am thinking of using my Edusave form for Semester 2. Am I still required to hand up the Edusave form now even though I only wish to use Edusave in Semester 2?
Can I view audiovisual materials at HSS Library?
When will application for the LKCMedicine start?
What are the future prospects for holders of this Aerospace Engineering degree? Any examples of specific jobs that aerospace graduates can expect to hold?
My club wants to organize an event, how do we go about getting approval?
Is class attendance compulsory?
What if an Economics undergraduate is not strong in Mathematics?
What are the selection criteria for Overseas Attachment?
What global accreditations does NBS have and the significance of such accreditations?
If I have gone for intervews and did not receive any offers, do I need to participate in the online acceptance exercise?
Is it confim that I can use my local poly cert to go to 2nd yr of study?
How do I request for additional copies of transcript from NTU?
Where is the Art, Design & Media Library?
Can you tell me how well recognised is the BEng (Mech) degree?
Who can use the public folders?
Can an international student gets extra 2 point if choose Singaporean as roomate but don't key in his/her name?
Can I make advanced reservation for the cinema room or plasma TV at ADM Library?
Can the recipient for the informative flow view the invoice details after a Purchase Order (PO) has been paid?
Postdoctoral Matters
What is the minimum grade to obtain a satisfactory grade for S/U
What is the procedure for a student organisation to apply for an account or change account access right?
Who is considered a 'Carded Athlete'?
Will the same organisations be listed in Phase 1 and again Phase 2?
What are the rates for hourly parking?
Can I apply for exchange programme in semester 2 of my final graduating semester?
Will there be changes made to the Hall Admission Scheme in future?
How can we apply to register an Alumni Association or Club?
I was offered a programme but wish to change to another programme. When is the Appeal to Change Programme or Application Result?
Does the Chinese Major accept international students?
 I applied in Round 1 and would like to reject my Allocation Offer. Will I still be able to apply for Round 2.
To join engineering degree
hall allocation in 2'nd semester
How will the change in the process for the Add/Drop period from S1 AY2012-13 affect students?
How can I publicise an event to all students?
How to create corporate email signature in Outlook?
what is the rental rates for undergraduate hall rates for AY 08/09
When I send my print job to the network printer, it prints out garbage. Why is it so?
I received an email from GEM Explorer stating that I am eligible for Round 3, what does this mean?
How will I be notified of changes in class schedule during the registration period?
Medals and Prizes for PhD or Master Graduates
I wish to know what range of grades in the GPA system will be equivalent to the CWAM system?
Is it possible to withdraw after 3 years and be awarded the B.Sc. in Biomedical Sciences (Hons)?
What should I do if I wish to withdraw from the programme?
What if I Am Not Strong in Mathematics for Economics program?
What is the Pretty Tuff website?
What is waitnig list and how is it process?
Is on-campus accommodation provided?
Snapped tree branches on the road or tree uploaded
What are Hostel Charges?
What is the duration of the part-time programmes and the number of lessons per week?
Windows Terminal Services
How do I export citations from Factiva to EndNote?
Will I be paid a monthly allowance by the overseas organisation?
If I put Accountancy as my first choice and Business my second, would I stand a lesser chance of getting Business if I fail to get Accountancy?
Who can assist me if I saw a snake or other creatures?
What are the differences between the Biomedical Sciences and Biological Sciences degrees offered at NTU?
Where is OAFA?
Can outstanding students graduate earlier in a shorter duration?
If I am in receipt of another scholarship, will I be eligible for Nanyang Scholarship?
How does the NTU B.Sc. in Biological Sciences (Hons) programme differ from other programmes?
Are candidates shortlisted under Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme required to attend a separate interview besides the Multiple Mini Interview (MMI) for Medicine programme?
Am I right to say that by taking up the Computer Engineering Course, I will be learning what is offered in the Computer Science Course, and on top of that I'll be learning much more topics not covered by Computer Science Course?
How do I get markers for the glass wall at Art, Design & Media Library?
What is my email quota / mailbox size?
When and where is my convocation ceremony?
Can my student organisation apply for additional quota?
How does an international student apply to NTU?
What do I do when I receive an overdue reminder for a book that I have already returned?
What is S/U option?
How to pay the hall rental fee?
What are the undergraduate programmes offered by NBS?
Which wireless LAN cards have been tested to work on NTUwirelss?
How do i go about arranging for accommodation if I am arriving earlier/leaving later than the programme duration?
I need to cite a reference from wikitravel: http://wikitravel.org/en/Pattaya. Can you advise me on how to cite it?
Can I still sit for the examination if I were late for the examination for more than 1 hour?
What does Tuition Fee include?
Can I register an Unrestricted Elective from another school?
Is It an advantage to have studied Economics at GCE A-Level?
If I was accepted by an organisation in Phase 1, can I still apply for organisations in Phase 2?
What are the advantages for students given exemption of subjects?
The firms requested for transcript in their online application. What must I do since I don't have the transcript yet?
Is there exemption for Industrial Attachment?
open book examination
I have received an offer from a firm, but do not want to accept. What should I do?
Which version of papers do I submit to DR-NTU as part of the OA mandate?
I have forgotten my network / Office 365 EDU account password, what should I do?
What are the supporting documents required for application submission?
I had missed the deadline for the application for Tuition Fee Loan. What can I do? Can I still obtain endorsement from NTU before going to the bank for application?
Example of a simple form for Surveymail
What are the sports teams' Banding Criteria and Classifications?
What's out there for me upon my graduation with a BEng(Mech) degree from NTU?
Due to some unforseen circumstances, I wish to withdraw from my courswork programme of study - what is the procedure?
In which year of study can I participate in Overseas Attachment?
After graduation, will my present library membership be revoked? Will graduates have the privilege to access library resources?
Is there any interview for application under the Discretionary Admissions (DA)?
Why can't I see new messages arriving at my mailbox in Outlook Web Access (Webmail)?
If a student is allocated a course on the last day of Add/Drop period, can the student drop any courses after that since Add/Drop period will be over?
Subject requirements for engineering
sick during exam
What is an Economist?
Are polytechnic graduates eligible for the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
how to apply for cross programme module
How do I subscribe to a mailing list?
When is the release of application result for local polytechnic diploma holders?
can i get my application outcome for the new academic year earlier?
How many activities do I have to submit?
Is there a quota limit for official websites?
What are the rationale and reasons for setting up this Aerospace Engineering degree?
examination rule and regulation
nanyang house opening hours
Can the hard copies of past final year project reports and theses be borrowed by undergraduates?
Can audio-visual clippings be included in instructional materials used in class? Can a compilation of audio-visual snippets be made for use in class?
Will applicants who applied using their complete set of polytechnic results have advantage over those who applied with only 5-semester results?
When do we need to leave the hall
My guestbook used to work but now it doesn't. Why?
International Student Scholarship
What Are the Admissions Requirements for entry to Economics programme?
Where can I take the entrance examination?
Is the Aerospace Engineering degree part of the New Undergraduate Experience initiative for a broader-based and more comprehensive, multi-disciplinary learning experience?
How to compress (zip) files in Windows 7?
How will the LKCMedicine be governed?
office of finance contact email
Change of Citizenship
Is there a database that has the text of IPO prospectuses from Chinese firms listing in domestic stock markets (Shenzhen, Shanghai, etc)?
Where do I go to pay my library fine?
Is there an 'internship' or 'attachment' programme in the SBS Biological Sciences degree?
How do students know if they are allocated any course during the Add/Drop period?
Can I use pencil during examination?
How about the Bioengineering course structure? How broad-based is it?
If I cannot attend the exam due to exigency reasons (not illness), what should I do?
How to apply to NTU for vietnamese students?
How will the exchange grade be transferred?
Does NTU provide Harvard Business Review cases?
As what I know, for a foreigner student willing to stay with a local student,they will be entitled extra 2 point for that or vice versa. If I am a PR student, am I counted as foreigner student and be awarded the 2 point if i willing to stay with local?
How can I access full text content in One Search?
How many invitation cards would I be given?
I want to refer to some technical standards to help me in my research as well as for my project work. What are the technical standards that are available in the library?
Where is Hall 8?
Where can I find the collection of NTU theses?
Sourcing for own attachment placement
Can I apply for GEM Explorer, CAO attachment, and GEM Discoverer for the same semester?
Where can I find more details on MOE Tuition Grant e.g. deferment of employment to pursue higher degrees?
What is the size of the bed and mattress?
2 courses on the same day
Can a Submitter perform Goods Receipt in P2P System?
Will co-opted or appointed Management Committee members in student organisations be eligible under Category A?
Can I print a document from the digital repository?
What are the operating hours of the copy room in Business Library?
What should I do if I cannot launch a library webpage?
How do I post to a mailing list?
Where can I find information on the programme curriculum and relevant diplomas?
Our office bought new printers, how do we create new network printer queues for them?
What does the Undergraduate Curriculum Structure comprise?
How is the Classification of Honours determined for Business students? What is the percentage of students who graduate with honour?
Pot hole on the road
Where do I return my library materials?
Can I work if I am an international student?
Do I need special application for scholarship?
How do I sign up for an EndNote Web account?
Group Hospitalisation & Surgical Insurance
When must I pay the tuition fee?
How do I apply for semester leave of absence for this semester?
My friend who had applied later than me had already received NTU's notification, when will I receive the notification of my application status?
I am a new student. How do I matriculate?
How many students are studying at NTU? How may students do you graduate each year?
What do I need when I apply online for GEM Explorer?
A*STAR Scholarships, Other External Scholarships
How to apply if I am using my Vietnam High School Graduation Certificate result?
Does the Library provide photocopying service?
Where are the restrooms in Business Library?
What are the tuition fees for the new medical programme?
When is the appropriate time to check the date for registration?
Will I receive my first degree after 3 years and the second degree after 5 years in the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
Can I create and manage a mailing list?
Do I need to be of a Chinese background to be eligible for the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
How do I access the P2P system?
Password to NTU Student Account
Who can use the library's study rooms? How do I book a study room?
What is the maximum number of words to write for the Personal Essay?
Who are the target group for this degree? Who does the degree hope to attract?
Does NTU appoint an official photographer?
Where can I obtain pricing and supplier information of commercially available chemicals through name or structure-searching?
Are interviews conducted as part of the admission process for the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
I belong to Pakistan I want to know can I get admission in your univeristy?
When can I contact my host university?
My lecturer has reserved an AV material for class use only. Can I check the title and view them within the Library?
Do I have to pay any fees for the entrance examination?
What are the recommended COM settings for my modem?
What are the cut-offs for the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
if i do not stay in hall last year, even though i have the points, do the points accumulate to this year so that i can apply hall for next year. (if i do not participate any this year)
Where is the GEM Explorer office and when is it open?
How do I register for IO?
I am a final year poly student and I understand that I can apply for admission in February. Do I use the same on-line application form?
What is a Rogue Access Point?
Notifications about the Outcome of Applications for Admission
Who can I contact at NTU if I have more questions?
What if I need to make changes to the NTU homepage?
When would I receive my allowance?
What are the important notes on Credit Transfer that I need to know?
Where to top up Cashcards?
Explain to me my mailbox size quota and deleting unwanted emails?
Why pursue an EEE degree in NTU?
How do I apply for the alumni card?
How many years for part time?
What is a mailbox?
I am selected for SUSEP at NUS this semester. Can I apply for SUSEP again, but this time at SMU, in subsequent semesters?
What are those strange files, directories in my web account?
How much does it cost to go on GEM Explorer exchange?
Is it possible to switch halls after a semester?
Can I loan out the DVDs at ADM Library?
What is Hall Admission Scheme (HAS)?
How do I get assistance from the Library to submit my papers to DR-NTU as part of the OA mandate?
How to apply for hostel?
Who do I contact if I wish to get in touch with my former classmate?
Where do I find the BOS form
I have lost my key to my room. How do I get a replacement?
Can I buy more than one notebook at preferential price in the same year?
Are SAT or SAT Subject Tests required for students offering NUS High School Diploma?
Who is NTU partnering with to establish the LKCMedicine?
I am a HSS student now. I want to transfer from HSS to NBS next year, which procedures do I need to do?
Admission into university
How to apply if I am using my Australia NSW UAI/Western Australia TER result?
What expenses do I need to pay for while studying at the Beijing University of Chinese Medicine (BUCM)?
If I am staying in a double room, can i choose who to stay with?
Exemption for NUS High School students
Change of Research Area
Research Scholarships Recommended by the Schools
When is the due date to pay the programme fees?
Can CITS convert audio cassettes to audio CDs?
Institutional TOEFL Score
When is the application period for NUS High School Diploma holders?
How do I know what databases to use for my research?
I am very interested to know more about the different programmes and their prerequisites. Where and how can I obtain this information?
I am creating/editing an event but I can't input to the placeholders, Why?
Can a student take up Materials Engineering course after completing a year in another engineering course?
Who can publish event in NTU Event Calendar?
What is the maximum period for renewing a book?
Are interviews conducted as part of the admission process for Accountancy students?
When do I need to submit my application to the host university?
How long is one semester?
What is bX Recommender?
How and when do I get a bill?
How to apply if I am using my SMA Ujian Akhir Nasional (UAN) result?
How do I know my chances of getting selected for GEM Explorer?
subjects offered next term
Can I request for ECA Certificate?
What is the duration?
Why is the total allocation for Non-Constituent Clubs capped at 150?
What are the graduate programmes offered by the School of Biological Sciences?
Is there a deadline for matching courses for GEM Explorer?
Can NUS High School Diploma applicants change their choice of programmes after submission of applications?
What is the email address of CAO?
Students who become Singapore PR
What are the type of scholarships available?
What is the default URL and file mapping for my student organisation's website?
Will students of the LKCSoM spend time at Imperial College London?
Does the library have examiners' reports?
Can i book on-campus accommodation for my guests during my programme in NTU?
There are many network sniffers, file share scanners and port scanning utilities readily available on the Internet. Why am I not allowed to try out these software on the campus network?
I am a current student of NTU and would like to apply for a change of programme. What is the procedure?
When will the EIA result be released?
What computing facilities are available in the Learning Pod @ South Spine? What are the opening hours?
What are the special requirements for the Actuarial Science specialisation in the Business programme? Do I need to have H2 Economics to apply for the programme?
Is it very difficult to get into your program? How many applicants were there in the past and how many actually got in?
Where can I get accommodation?
IT service maintenance schedule and outage notification
Is there an age limit for Graduate Coursework Programmes?
Does NTU engage a representative or agent to recruit students ?
How can I access theses from NUS?
If I have applied under Discretionary Admissions (DA) before, do I need to support the new application with fresh online appraisals?
I can't find the Unit of Measure (UOM) that I want. What should I do?
I am a National Institute of Education (NIE) student. What should I do if I would like to use the NTU libraries?
What is CourseFinder?
Admission Requirements for PhD and Master Programmes
What is the difference between subsidised and non-subsidised programmes?
Where can I get the Letter of Recommendation?
Change of bank account for interbank giro
Why do I get a syntax error when searching in Factiva?
Can I apply for INSTEP and GIP concurrently?
Do National Institute of Education (NIE) users have remote access to NTU Library's e-resources?
Visa, Social Visit Pass
Cannot remember PIN
Is the Industrial Attachment compulsory to students?
What are my career options after I graduate from Bioengineering? Can I go into industry?
What is the difference between the organisations listed in Phase 1 & Phase 2?
How do I know what are the courses I need to read this semester?
Do I have to check whether the publisher of my paper allow self archiving before submitting to DR-NTU as part of the Open Access mandate?
Why are there some sports with no points awarded for participation?
What is the difference between a LISTSERV mailing list and a MS Exchange email distribution list or a Public Folder?
Can you tell me more about the Second Specialization programme for Accountancy students?
What is the price of each room?
Why is it that no records are added in my SurveyMail database file?
What is the product/license key for EndNote (Macintosh)? I can only install the 30-Day trial version of EndNote(Macintosh).
If I have earlier registered a course as a Prescribed Elective, can I re-classify it as an Unrestricted Elective?
I encountered the error "Limited or no connectivity", what can be done?
Programmes for Teachers
Fees for double degree
What is the research standing of NBS - faculty?
where is hall 11?
How is the allocation of hall done?
I will not be attending my graduating ceremony or I did not attend my ceremony, what do I need to do?
Will I be in a disadvantageous position after learning Chinese for four years, and that working language in Singapore is English?
Can I have a list of useful contact numbers in Office of Finance?
Do I need to apply for an account to host my personal web pages?
I am studying in a university in Australia now. Does NTU accept transfer students or can I be admitted to Year 3 of undergraduate studies here?
Can I use my GCE A level results in 2006 which is based on the 'old syllabus' to apply for admission?
Who do I contact if I need further assistance with regards to submitting to DR-NTU as part of the OA initiative?
Why is the Aerospace Engineering degree so specialised right from the first year?
If students accidentally dropped a course that was allocated during the Add/Drop period, can the same course be added back?
What is the official period of IA?
The minimum requirement of GPA
Do I have to pay for using the campus wired network?
How many intakes are there for part-time in Electrical & Electronic Engineering programme?
Why are students in Special University Programmes (CN Yang Scholars Programme) guaranteed hall accommodation?
Exemption for Polytechnic students
Can I apply without GCE 'O' Level?
How can I check the weightage or points for admission to hall for the new academic year?
How Instep student find a place in hall
What is a 'Direct-Honours' programme?
I have not taken A level chemistry. Would I have difficulties in coping in SBS Biological Sciences?
Is there any financial assistance scheme for undergraduate/postgraduate?
How do I appeal for a review of my exam results?
If I fail a course will it be reflected in the transcript and how will it affect my CGPA. If I fail a course will I be promoted to the next year of study?
Is Professional Attachment or Internship compulsory for Accountancy students? What companies will I be attached to?
I am an applicant and I have been shortlisted to take the entrance examination. Will I be receiving the admit card?
Can I return the AV materials through the book deposit bins?
What are procedures for applying for courses which I am interested to read at NUS/SMU on SUSEP?
Rules & regulations governing the use of NTU computers and accounts?
Information about Faculty Staff
How many electives should I register to waitlist?
I am a scholarship holder. Can I apply to GEM Explorer?
Is there any restriction on the programmes that I can apply?
Job Placement Services
What is the procedure if I wish to opt for Industrial Orientation (IO) instead of Industrial Attachment (IA) ?
What are the Minor Programmes available in NTU? Which are the new Minors?
Where is the Career & Attachment Office (CAO) located?
I am not able to get to the Internet even though I have an IP address. Why is that so?
If I would like to transfer to another engineering programme after the first year, is it possible?
What are the sports equipment available for loan?
How do I sign up for P2P as a submitter?
I am a regular with SAF and I am thinking of applying for admission in the next admission exercise year. Will the university reserve a place for me?
Can I disable the Windows Firewall?
What are the scholarships available for all nationalities?
Can I take courses if I am on attachment?
Who may use the NTU Library?
How to use Turnitin?
Can I get the Library to reserve "available" items for me to pick up?
When must we vacate our rooms after the second term
Upon acceptence of offer, how do I apply for student's pass?
Do we have the British Standards?
When will the exam timetable be available?
I think I have left my purse in the examination hall. How can I get it back?
If I have already overloaded by the number of courses permitted by my School, can I register for one more course?
When will I know the results of my application?
What to do if you see a swarm of bees or hornets.
I got this error message "Error 633: The modem is not installed or configured for Dial-Up Networking"
Are we allowed to keep pets in hall?
How can I check the courses I have registered for?
Courses under Each Programme
My host university also requires me to purchase travel/health insurance from their appointed insurer, what do I do?
Can I use Central Provident Fund (CPF) to pay my fees?
How to qualify for URECA?
I was not offered Additional mathematics when i took my O level's. Can i still apply?
I had forgotten my application number for Singapore-Cambridge GCE 'A' level application group, how can I retrieve it?
Can my family live with me in the undergraduate hall of residence?
I wish to disrupt my NS and be admitted to NTU. What should I do?
How can i request for my examinations results under my old matriculation number?
What is the difference between an Entry Visa and a Social Visit Pass (SVP)?
Do you offer online chat reference?
What is Tuition Grant and conditions of award?
What if I decide to stay in a hall later in the year?
Do I have a choice of hall or room?
Hi, I am a Year 3 NTU student. Currently I am on Exchange in Sweden, and I had to give up my accomodation in Hall 12. And now I will be returning to NTU for the 2nd semester soon, I'd like to ask how I can get a room. Thanks
Accommodation for Graduate Students
I am an NUS High School Diploma applicant. How do I update my contact after completing my application?
What facilities are provided at the hall?
Do your university has Biotechnology Engineering?
When you attempt to dial into a Windows 98-based computer that has been configured as a Dial-Up Networking server, you may receive the following error message "Error 650: The Remote Access server is not responding"
ns reservist deferment
How do I request to record audio for announcements or for narration over video programme?
Can I do more than just obtain a basic EEE Bachelors' degree?
Is there is a chance for NTU entrance?
If I am going for exchange programme in NUS or SMU for one semester,can I still stay in hall of NTU?
I have applied for semester leave of absence this semester. How will I know whether my leave has been approved?
How do I get my 'Certificate of Participation'?
Referee's Report
How to access Strait Times Interactive?
Conversion of Candidature
What is a BioMedical Admissions Test (BMAT)
As an NUS High School Diploma holder, how do I apply for admission to NTU?
How do I find Audiovisual materials using Library Catalogue?
I am abroad at my host university and I want to update or add a new course. How do I match courses to NTU?
I don't know how to use EndNote. Where can I get help to get started?
Where can I find a copy of the season parking application form?
Where can I find statistics on the number of elderly residents residing in a Singaporean estate for 2010?
Is it compulsory to complete the section under Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme?
What does ADM Library collection consists of?
Where can I find answers to examination questions?
If a faculty has already submitted a new publication directly to DR-NTU, does he still need to update RIMS?
Use of Research Facilities
Can an undergraduate work part-time?
How to register if I have a HDB room for rent to NTU students?
I have a diploma in Nursing, which are the programmes I can apply?
How to register my mobile phone for network account password reset?
I have forgotten my application number, what should I do?
Can the author place the full text of his paper in his personal web site and his institutional repository?
I am an International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma applicant. How do I submit my supporting documents?
When do we register for Special Term?
I have forgotten my PIN. Can you tell me what to do?
How much scholarship for international student?
How long does interlibrary loan take?
Can I gain actual practical or industrial experience at related companies or institutions during the Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering course?
Do students from different A-level streams (i.e.arts, science or commerce) stand equal chances of success in obtaining places in the University?
what is the number of students in NTU?
What is material engineering?
Is It an Advantage to Have Studied Literature at A-Level?
How do I place a hold on a library item? How do I know when my library item is ready for collection?
How do I renew books that I have borrowed?
If I withdraw from the university now, will I be required to pay the school fees?
Can I apply for both the part-time and full-time undergraduate programmes for the same year?
What are the subject papers that I need to take for NTU Entrance Examination?
I missed the deadline to accept the Allocation Offer for GEM Explorer. Can I still accept and move on to applying to my host university?
What is the Free Lifelong Alumni Email Account?
Where can I find the postal codes table used as basis for computation of travelling time
What are the future prospects for holders of Aerospace Engineering degree? Any examples of specific jobs that aerospace graduates can expect to hold?
conferment of degree Msc by coursework
How do we get to NTU using bus?
Are interviews conducted as part of the admission process for the SBS Biological Sciences programme?
I am a NTU new staff and have been here for less than 1 month. Can I borrow books from now on?
Where is the Wang Gungwu Library?
How do I know how much personal website space I have used?
How many students are accepted per year into the SBS Biological Sciences programme?
I got this error message "Error 629: The port was disconnected by the remote machine"
How to withdraw from the hall?
When was the first students be admitted?
I missed the application deadline; can I still apply for GEM Explorer?
Can I join NTU from an aerospace program outside of Singapore?
Remote Administration via MMC or Scripts is blocked. How do I resolve it?
If I am currently serving National Service, can I apply for leave to attend the interview?
Is it possible to set a static IP for my wired computer so that I can use it for remote access?
I am a Polytechnic student. Can I obtain exemptions for similar courses completed in Diploma for the Double Degree (Acc & Bus) programme?
I will not be in town during the QET examination. Is it possible for me to reschedule to another date to take my QET examination?
Do I need to apply for a student visa for the participation in the Summer Programme?
Can we take photos/videos during the graduation ceremony?
Will there be any test required prior to admission to Nanyang Business School?
Will all students who attend Special Term classes be able to graduate one semester earlier?
When does the academic year commence?
How do Staff login to Webmail or Outlook Web Access (OWA)?
Why do I sometimes get abruptly disconnected?
How do I obtain information about classes?
Can I choose not to be exempted from the subjects?
I have applied for NUS this year and was accepted. However, I intend to reapply for NTU next year. How do I go about this?
When I have made a local ISP connection and tried to VPN into NTU network, I got this error message: "Remote Server is Not Responding"
What is the contact of NTU Office of Admissions & Financial Aid? Do you have any e-mail accounts?
How do I notify the school if I want to be considered for exemptions from courses in the SBS Biological Sciences programme?
If a local student opts for single room, will he/she still be awarded the 2 weightage point if he/she is willing to share with an international student, or vice versa?
What are the Key Dates and Registration Information for BMAT?
How many positions does one scholarship offer?
How do I apply for GEM Explorer?
What are the differences between the NIE initial teacher training programmes?
What are the reasons for the change in the process for the Add/Drop period from S1 AY2012-13?
How can I search for my lecturer's email address, telephone number or office location in Windows LIVE/Office 365 EDU?
How can I set auto forwarding of emails?
I am a visitor how can I access DR-NTU?
How can we get the full scholarship and the living fee?
Proposed Research Topic
Does NTU offer early matriculation? Who is eligible and how does it works?
I would like to offer my feedback and suggestions to the Library. Who should I direct them to?
How do I get my transcript from my host university?
What if I do not receive a bill?
I would like to apply for a scholarship. Can you help me?
What is the maximum number of books I can check out at one time?
Does NTU offer double degree programmes?
What is the default homepage?
What if I want to change my major after the first year?
how long it take to reach if I apply for letter of certification in GSlink
Can I appeal if my application is rejected?
What are the career prospects for economics degree graduates?
How many AUs will I be awarded for EIA?
How is Economics at NTU different?
What do I do if I want to borrow the RBR item beyond the 2-hour limit?
If an item can be found in e-cat, can we still purchase the item as SVP?
What is course-matching and how do match courses for GEM Explorer?
One Stop @ SAC
What are the specializations offered under the Business Programme?
Does the Library have a Chinese version of a humanities and social science index?
Job Prospects, Employment Rate, Salaries
Who should I contact if I encounter problems in using the mailing list?
I had submitted my online appeal but I wished to amend the details of my appeal. Is it possible?
I have completed my exchange programme with NTU. How do I get my transcript?
Besides the Mandatory Documents, what other documents do I need to apply to my host university?
Is there a reserve book collection (RBR) at the Communications and Information Library (CMIL)?
Is there a cap on the number of international students admitted each year?
Virtual PC Services
Are the Banding Categories static? Will the lower banded sports receive support from the university?
How do I book the swimming pool?
What should I do if I need help to take photographs of lab activities, project work, major events, etc?
Is there a minimum allowance for PI?
How do i login to the library catalogue?
Where is the Humanities & Social Sciences Library?
Will there be a briefing on IA?
where is hall 9
Where to find the content or title of courses?
How do I submit supporting documents such as CCA records, testimonial, certificates, etc for consideration under the Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme?
SAC opening housrs
I am very interested, but I am not sure if I can make it. What is your advice?
Can I request for books from various NTU libraries to be sent to a designated library for my collection?
What is the schedule for Special Term?
I am a NTU student. Can I use my matriculation card to borrow books in National Institute of Education?
How would I know that STARS has accepted my entry?
I was offered a place in NTU. However, I am waiting for my enlistment date to be called up for NS. What should I do to inform the university about my enlistment date?
What is the difference between degree programmes by research and degree programmes by coursework and dissertaton?
What is the hall application process for senior students?
When do I need to do when I become a Singapore PR?
I am an international student, can I apply to universities in my home country for GEM Explorer?
What are the programmes I can support?
Are the Round 2 selection criteria the same as Round 1 selection criteria?
Where is the reading areas located in HSS Library?
Request for a statement stating the NTU programme that I am enrolled in and the duration of the course for existing student
Can i get admission if there is a good rank in Indian Insitute of Technology-Joint Entrance Examination (IIT-JEE)?
Why should I choose to accept a place in the NTU School of Biological Sciences instead of another university?
Who is eligible to apply under the Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme?
What is a typical job description of a chemical and biomolecular engineer?
I am hospitalised. Should I take my examination?
Does the library subscribes to Vault.com?
If my application is unsuccessful, how can I appeal?
What are the unique features of the chemical and biomolecular engineering at NTU?
Why is the intake for Aerospace Engineering degree so small? Are there plans to expand the intake in future?
What is the admission procedure to NTU?
What are the disciplinary actions that could be taken against me for violating the NTU IT Rules and Regulations?
How do students register GERPE and UE?
What is the difference between Major Prescribed Elective and GER-PE?
Class Group for Courses
I can't logon to my Windows LIVE / Office 365 EDU email account - why is that so?
May I know some details about Tertiary Student EzLink Concession Card, its application and benefit; etc?
When is the release of the application result for Singapore GCE 'A' level holders?
Student's Pass - Renewal
What supporting documents do I need to apply for Graduate program by research
I understand that NTUs BioEngineering programme offers a lot of practical, real-life experience. Can you elaborate?
Dress Code, Safety in Laboratories
How to request for NTU documents (including theses) ?
Change of Programme of Study
Connection set up for eduroam
What are the cut-offs for the SBS Biological Sciences programme?
Is it possible to transfer to the full-time undergraduate programme from part-time undergraduate programme after two semesters of study?
How do I access my email using a Smart Phone or mobile device?
How do I remove the name of author or year from an in-text citation using EndNote?
If I need to record radio or TV programme, how can CITS help me?
Can I apply with an NTU/NIE freshman as a roommate?
Divisions in Each School
When do I have to pay fees?
Do authors have to ask permission from publishers before they deposit papers in DR-NTU?
I am thinking of applying for one of the scholarships available but I am not sure if I qualify for the scholarship and if I do, how I should go about applying for it?
Is Chinese language a compulsory prerequisite for admission into the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
Deadline for submission of research applications
Will face-to-face interview be conducted by all 'interviewing organisations' and organisations offering overseas IA?
Why do I get this error "This account can't be used to access Outlook.com"?
In case a member of my family passes away in the midst of my examination, what should I do?
Payment of Research Scholarships for New Research Students
What are the opening hours of Student affairs office and Hall Offices
I am interested in forensic science. Does the NTU School of Biological Sciences offer this course?
Can I view audiovisual materials at Business Library?
How do I submit my supporting documents ?
I have been attending classes but have yet to register my candidature with Graduate Studies Office. Can I proceed to register for subjects?
Can communication studies students take minors? If so, in what subjects areas?
Why am I issued with a warning for illegal parking?
What are the charges for use of sports facilities?
I am using a prepaid SIM card. Can I access NTUmobile?
How do I upload my supporting documents ?
I am a Singaporean studying in an overseas university. Can I apply?
How can i find information on admissions?
May I know if the singaporean roommate that I have applied with could not get a place in hostel, will I be placed with another singaporean or international student?
My host university sent the transcript directly to me and not to the GEM Explorer office. What should I do?
Do we have ASTM?
May I know each partner university's minimum CGPA requirement for GEM Explorer exchange students?
How do I change or delete the counter?
Can I Complete the Economics Program in Less than 4 years?
Can my relative stay in my room during the holiday period?
What is Service Obligation?
Is there any appeal fees charged for review of examination results?
Does One Search cover all NTU subscribed databases?
Is there a closing date to apply for semester leave of absence?
If a student is absent on compassionate or medical grounds from the examinations of the course that he has opted for S/U grading, will the AU for this course still count towards the total AU that he has opted under the S/U policy?
When will I receive the official transcript from NTU?
Do all Premier Scholars Programmes (PSP) students get scholarships?
Does the S/U option apply to courses that count towards the requirements for second major or minor programme?
Are fees for part-time programmes subsidised?
What should I do if I lose my matriculation card or staff card?
does accommodation include breakfast
GPA required to enter into material engineering
University Special Terms NS men
After I have established VPN connection, why am I not able to surf Internet?
Dependent's Pass - Application
I have missed my registration timeslot. Would you grant me access to register my courses now?
I am a final year polytechnic student, can I apply with 5 semester results?
Can CITS print leaflet, poster, banner, and others?
Letter of Authorisation to Collect Degree Certificate
I have only an A for mathematics C, B for biology and chemistry and C for physics (or some other grades). What are my chances of getting into SBS Biological Sciences?
What if the school have exceeded the quota?
Can i apply for hall now?
How do I book sports facilities?
What is the best way to avoid an account lockout?
Are SAT or SAT Subject Tests required for students offering International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma?
Where can I get this 'NTU Letter of Participation'?
Am I allowed to take up 2 minor programmes?
How can I check when my credits have been transferred?
if tgpa<2.5,what can i do?
International student applications?
When I tried to dial in, I got this error message: "Modem Not Responding"
How do I approach the CITS for any of the Design & Media services?
i want to know about school time for coming year 20008?
When will my degree be conferred and when do I collect my degree certificate?
What are the Graduate Coursework Programmes offered in NTU?
Are the curriculum structure and AU load for GER uniform for all programmes of study?
I am in my second year of the Biological Sciences degree programme. Can I transfer directly to year 2 of the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
What is EIA?
If my school coordinator does not approve me to apply for GEM Explorer, can I still go on exchange?
Application for Admission - Personal Statement
What if I am overseas on a student exchange programme provided by my poly? Where should I mail the supporting documents?
What kind of services do the librarians at the Research Assistance Desk provide?
What to do if you see a snake on a tree.
Difference between Computer Engineering and Computer Science
What are A-type materials in Art, Design & Media Library?
Public transport to NTU / internal shuttle bus routes and schedules
How do I request for AV titles to be placed in Video on Demand (VOD) for my class use?
Can I change the date of my graduation?
retakeing exam after submmiting medical
What is the emphasis of the Chinese Major at NTU(Humanities and Social Sciences?
Must I have my medical checkup done at NTU medical centre or can I go to my family doctor?
How do I book facilities at the Lee Wee Nam Library Learning Commons?
What is the prospect of an Environmental Engineer? Give some examples of companies and the role of an Environmental Engineer.
When do I know my examination results ?
Is there parking available on campus for the event?
Where is the photocopy service in LWN Library?
Do I need to configure my web browser to use proxy?
What are the rules n regulation governing residence in undergraduate halls on campus
What is round 3 application of GEM Explorer?
I am from NIE. How can I print using the network printers in NTU Library?
Does Biomedicine course available in NTU?
How do I pay my fees?
What is the Office of Academic Services operating hours?
Where can I find information on the hall admission scheme?
What is the 'NTU Letter of Participation'?
What qualifications must prospective applicants possess in order to apply for Part-time programmes?
how do i pay overseas exchange loan?
I had submitted my application online under the application group for students with local polytechnic diploma holder, how can I make amendments to my application form?
Do we have access to IEEE e-book?
Where is the examination conducted?
What are the differences between Computer Engineering and Computer Science?
Can apply now?
What anti-virus software are available?
How do I logoff in Outlook Web Access (Webmail)?
Can I know what is NTU Libraries' Facebook address?
How do I create my Personal Folders (Outlook Data File)?
How do I qualify for the minor programmes? Is it open to only local students?
What are the requirements for starting a club/subclub in NTU?
If my CGPA is lower than 3.5, can I still apply to GEM Explorer?
What should I do if I were given medical leave during IO?
Is NTU Library open to students from UniSIM?
What does it cost to take the BMAT?
The Halsbury's laws of England catalogue record says that it is in "Closed stacks (request at counter)". I need to refer to it urgently, What should I do?
What are the common causes that students cannot access STARS?
How do I look for housing for my GEM Explorer exchange semester?
How can I sign up as a supporter of sports events?
Is bed linen provided?
How do I log in to my library account ?
My year of study is incorrect. I should be in the next year of study.
I am a foreign librarian and would like to visit the Library and have discussions with NTU librarians, how do I make the arrangements?
What is an Accelerated Bachelor Programme?
Any hostel provided in NTU?
What is 'pass through authentication' and how it can cause an account to be lockout?
What are the available dial-up numbers?
Will I be liable to pay school fees if I am on leave of absence for this semester?
What do I have to do to get into SADM? Does it use the usual university academic prerequisites?
Is it possible to appeal for more than two programmes at one time?
I am a JC student. Can I obtain exemptions for any Year 1 courses in the SBS Biological Sciences programme if I have taken a similar course at A level?
Is it self dining or hall dining for students staying in the Halls?
I will be serving national service, should I apply now or wait until I have completed national service?
I am an International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma applicant. How and when will I know the outcome of my application?
Can I make a gift online?
Where can I find network points for use with my personal laptop in HSS Library?
Is it alright if I keep my computer on and connected to the campus network 24-hours a day?
How do I request for a certification letter?
Will the host university accept a QET (Qualifying English Test) certificate for my application?
Will number of attempts affect my application?
In order to apply for a student visa, the embassy says that I need a letter from NTU. What is this?
What are the selection criteria for admission to LKCMedicine?
I have taken my GCE 'O' Level twice, can I submit both the results?
What combinations of Economics subjects should I take?
Passed my 12 in 2006 in india. Am I eligible for NTU?
Do I have to pay school fees during IA?
Are we allowed to take two Unrestricted Electives and/or GERPE in a semester?
I am very interested in your course, but I don't think I can get in at all. What are your suggestions?
Unable to take QET
How will students with IB Diploma applying for admissions be assessed by the University?
Can someone with complete or partial colour-blindness be admitted to the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
What must I do before I can have my laboratory renovated to suit my research activities?
Who can use ERS (Event Registration System)?
Where is the Lee Wee Nam Library Learning Commons?
If I am interested, how do I submit my application?
Can I view my own AV materials using the viewing equipment in ADM Library?
eligibility medical scheme?
when will our matriculation card work?
Medical examination for admission
is the hall accomodation alloted for all the 4 years of education at NTU
I want to apply for a future intake/academic year, can I apply in advance during GEM Explorer's current application period for the current intake/academic year?
Can I appeal if I am rejected to be considered under the Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme ?
How to search on a specific topic?
If I were to register for the SBS Biological Sciences degree would I be able to take a minor in another programme? If so, what minors are available?
What is the accommodation charges for undergraduate hall from 1 Aug 08
How can I place a book on Reserves?
Does taking a H3 subject at A levels actually help in admission?
Coursework Dissertation
There are certain programmes that state: Candidates with relevant diploma may be granted selective exemption from the first year subjects (for polytechnic students), do these students have to start their programme from 1st year?
What is the purpose of the scheme and how does it work?
How is the NBS Business programme different from the NUS - Bachelor of Business Administration which is a general degree?
How do I Recall a Message?
How to set up network printer on my computer?
How can I know whether I am qualified to be a member of NTU Libraries or not?
The requirements for international qualifications
Where are the reading areas located in Business Library?
What is my loan duration for library materials?
I have an outstanding fee with the University, will I be able to graduate?
When will the IA result be released?
Why can't I download the full text of some articles?
Who can create official Schools and Admin Departments web pages?
How to import / export data to/from Outlook?
How can I determine whether TCP/IP is installed correctly on my computer?
Is the undergraduate medical programme offered full-time or part-time?
How can I make use of popular common spaces in the Academic Complexes for conduct of my event? Is it chargeable?
All requirements for Art Design Media college?
Can I trade in my notebook/personal computer that was purchased using the PC Loan?
What grade must I obtain for the General Paper to be exempted from taking the Qualifying English Test if I am successful in my application?
What is the number of Accountancy students accepted per year?
After completion of 5 years MBBS, do I still have to do some more Housemanship or bonded to the Singapore govt to work in hospitals?
Do I have to complete a medical exam or check-up or exam to go on a GEM Explorer exchange?
Withdrawal and Re-application
Where is CMIL?
When will I know the outcome of my application?
Am I entitled to borrow books from other libraries if our Library does not have the item I need?
What other services does the photocopying service vendor provide?
I cannot select the index number, what shall I do?
Where and when can I check the Allocation Results for GEM Explorer?
Should I attend classes while waiting for the confirmation of subject registered?
If there are changes in the class schedule during the registration period, how would I be notified
Can current periodicals be borrowed?
What is Prescribed Elective?
How do students register/add courses during the Add/Drop period?
Can polytechnic students enter directly into the second year of the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
What is the estimated monthly living cost?
When and where NTU test will be held?
Can I use a work without the author's permission?
I heard that there is a minimum GP score. What is it? Why do you have to use GP?
Can courses taken during the exchange programme be counted towards my Minor programme?
Can I get my on hold books to be transferred to a library of my choice?
I am a senior student and when will I know the result of my hall application for the new academic year?
Can I subscribe using a non-NTU email address?
What is the name of the degree and who will award the degree?
Why is my Inbox empty in Outlook Web Access (Webmail)?
How many years are NS men given reservation of place?
Is there a FTP service?
How to get the scholarship in NTU?
Am I eligible for scholarship?
Are there sample codes for using Microsoft Access on my student club's site?
Email to Graduate Examination
Why did library staff remove my things from my seat when I was away?
Can I use Dreamweaver?
What is secure SSL?
Codes for a form for Surveymail
How do I obtain my academic dress?
When will the BEng (Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering) degree programme in NTU be launched and what are the minimum entry requirements?
What should I do if I cannot access a subscribed database from the Library?
Can I apply for scholarship for the 2nd year, now that the application that has been closed?
Currently taking A level subjects in Maths, Accounting & Economics plus Cambridge English and GCSE Computing all based on UK curriculum. What grades must I attain in my A-level subjects for admission to Bachelor of Accountancy?
Publications
Am I entitled to vacation leave during IO?
Thesis (Research) - Release of Remaining Stipend after Thesis has been Accepted for Examination
What are the type of rooms available for students in the Halls?
Where can I find network points for use with my personal laptop in the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
Where will the LKCSoM's MBBS programme be accredited?
What do I need to logon to StudentLink / GSLink?
What are the medals and prizes for students in NTU?
If I did not get any eca point last year (I live outside campus), is it possible for me to get a double room with random room mate?
How to change input language in Microsoft Windows?
Can I drop all the books I borrowed into the book deposit bins?
Why should I choose to study physical and mathematical sciences?
What do I need to do if I wish to cancel a P2P PO?
I am applying using my International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma. How do I know if I have successfully submitted my application?
What time does overnight loan for Reserves items start?
What is the number of invalid logon attempts before a network account is locked?
How do I access the public folders?
old examination papers
What is a guestbook?
What is interlibrary loan?
If I register the subjects on-line but failed to submit the form, what will happen?
Do I need to register for exam?
If I am going to do my attachment, must I still register for courses?
I am an international student, can I return to my home country for attachment?
Is the Critical Inquiry project available online?
How do I update/create my club's web pages?
Where can I get samples of NTU Entrance Examination papers?
Where do I pay my fines or top up my cash card in Art, Design & Media Library?
Is there a science course for Indian 10th std completed student?
I stay in the Halls / Staff Quarters and I'm having problem connecting my personal PC to the network. How can CITS help?
Can the Library help me find belongings that I had lost in the Library?
What is the job market for Materials Engineers? What is the number of Materials graduates required on a national scale each year?
What is full text @ NTU Library? How do I use full text @ NTU Library?
When should I check on-line the personalised date & time that I would be granted access to the system to register?
Information on LT Booking
How do I obtain my Attachment certificate after my completion?
What are the specialisations offered in Computer Science?
What is the duration of the Business Programme?
What does the term "restricted" in the Library Catalogue mean? Can such items be borrowed?
How to access Buy/Sell portal?
What is a Printer Driver, and why is it important?
How to apply if I am using my Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) result?
Course Registration System - Errors Encountered
What are the facilities in the Library that I need to book in advance before using?
What if I answered an incoming phone call or incoming SMS message when I'm in the middle of using NTUmobile?
How to fill GIRO
Educational Testing Service
office of academic services contact number
NIE students can apply for hall for new academic year?
What is CGPA?
When and where is the NTU Entrance Examination held?
Can I apply for ASEAN Graduate Scholarship?
How should I rank my partner university choices when applying for GEM Explorer
Do I need to pay for Special Term Fees?
Why should I choose to study the physical and mathematical sciences?
What is Minor?
Medical centre opening hours
When will the IO result be released?
What are the job prospects of a graduate in the physical and mathematical sciences?
Why are exam scripts not returned to us after exams? Wouldn't it be better for us to know what we did wrong?
Hall accomodation criteria
If I am in receipt of another scholarship, will I be eligible for ASEAN Undergraduate Scholarship?
How do I use the 'Find Full Text' function in EndNote to retrieve full text PDF articles?
Am I allowed to work while I am on exchange?
Reclassification of course from GER-PE to UE/ UE to GER-PE
What sports facilities do you have?
Can I have a specific URL for my student club's site?
Can I use Skills Future mid-career enahnced subsidy for payment of Tuition fees?
School of Chemical and Biomedical Engineering (SCBE) FAQs
How many courses can I register in each semester?
What to do if you see a snake in your home.
Where can I find network points for use with my personal laptop in LWN Library?
How do I unsubscribe from a mailing list?
Does the Associate Membership at NTU Library include borrowing privileges at NIE Library?
Are international students eligible for admission into the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
Submission of Application to Big 4
What are the opening hours of Business Library?
I was not offered a place in any of the programmes that I have chosen. Should I appeal for the same programmes that I had selected or should I appeal for a programme that I had not opted previously?
How can I apply for the Sports Scholarship?
If my student's pass has been expired during my study in NTU, how to apply for an extension of the student's pass?
How to get a Transcript
How to access IEEE Xplorer?
How will students from the Polytechnics be able to complete the Materials Engineering course in less than four years?
When and how can I check the results of my application to the host university?
What is DR-NTU?
What are the specialisations offered in Computer Engineering?
How long is the Bioengineering programme?
Where is Hall 2?
When can I know my application outcome?
What are the opening hours of Lee Wee Nam Library?
How to access news collection?
NTU Library EZproxy Service
How do I borrow Reserves items?
How do I apply to do a Second Major?
What is a fee-paying or study abroad programme?
When will I find out if I am exempted from any courses in the SBS Biological Sciences programme?
If I was sick on the day of exam and could not attend the exam, what should I do?
Can the extra 3 AUs earned from EIA be used to offset the requirement for GER-UE (General Education Requirement- Unrestricted Elective?
Graduate Programmes Offered by Nanyang Business School
How do I check if my passport is valid?
Part time B.Eng programme structure
Are applicants offering International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma required to sit for the University entrance examination?
Why can't I apply for new or change my email address @pmail.ntu.edu.sg after I am on Windows LIVE/Office 365 EDU?
How do I get started on using the ERS (Event Registration System)?
Can I amend my choices of S/U during the window period?
Are interviews conducted as part of the admission process for Business undergraduate programme?
What are the differences between "mechatronic" course and main stream course?
Whom should I contact regarding special seating arrangements?
How do I return Reserves materials?
How long will my application for the alumni email account / email forwarding service be processed?
Grants - Nil
How well recognised is my future NTU EEE degree?
Is the Accountancy programme accredited by any professional bodies?
Can part-time students apply for Tuition Fee Loan or use their CPF or Edusave savings to pay the tuition fees?
What do Materials Scientists and Engineers specialise in and which industries will require them?
Our lecturer has informed us to view an audio-visual title for class. Where can I find that audio-visual title?
What is the disk quota for personal websites?
Terms for applying hostel for freshmen?
How is the Classification of Honours determined for Accountancy programme? What is the percentage of students who graduate with honours?
Total no. of students
What are the minimum grades for GP to be exempted from QET?
Where can I find information on academic services?
I am unable to continue with my programme of study for a period of time - what should I do
How to apply for single room for the new acad year?
Study and Work
Is there "legal squatting" in hall?
How to apply for additional account or increase storage quota?
What will happen to my EndNote libraries when I upgrade to a newer version of EndNote?
I would like to apply for a scholarship. Can you help me?
If my supervisor is away, whom can I submit the form?
Where to see my CGPA?
What are the acceptable qualifications?
What is StaffLink?
Does an applicant who is given an offer of admission require to go for a medical checkup?
I'm unable to attend some of your training classes on campus. Do you have online tutorials?
Are interviews conducted as part of the admission process for the Double Degree (Acc & Bus) programme?
Can I report to the Police concerning any criminal activity that occur on campus?
Can International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma applicants change their choice of programmes after submission of applications?
Is priority for GEM Explorer given to more senior students?
How to start the counter with a number other than zero?
I'm interested in GEM Explorer but cannot find a suitable course or faculty at the partner university, what should I do?
I had forgotten my application number, how do I go about retrieving it?
I have forgotten my StudentLink / GSLink password, what should I do?
Am I entitled to vacation leave during IA?
What is the operating hours of Art Design & Media Library?
Next application date for Local Polytechnic Qualification
Is there a part-time option for the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
How to change hostel?
What is the consequence of not able to submit the required supporting documents for verification pertaining to information provided under Discretionary Admissions (DA) during application?
sample exemption test
Where are the restrooms in Lee Wee Nam Library?
What are the admission requirements for International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma?
Graduate programmes offered by NTU
Do I need to change my matriculation card after my application for change of programme has been successful?
Who can use the NTU wireless network? Where and how can one access?
Can the Digital Repository (DR-NTU) be accessed remotely or only through PCs in the NTU library?
Can I withdraw from the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme at any time?
How do I search my mailbox items using Outlook Web Access (Webmail)?
How would I be notified regarding the outcome of my appeal? Would I be able to check it online?
I am a freshman and I missed the collection date for my matriculation card. Where can I collect my card?
Completion of Research Programme
Minimum requirements for admission to higher degree programmes by research
Am I qualified for part time degree programmes if I do not have an CCA during my polytechnic?
If I am selected for SUSEP (local exchange), will it affect my chances to participate in GEM Explorer in subsequent semesters?
Under what circumstances is copyright protection not infringed?
Purpose of Surveymail guide
Part-time Jobs
Where can I return ADM Library books?
What degrees are offered to SPMS undergraduates?
Can I choose courses that matches to a different NTU School from the one I am in?
I miss the course (subject) registration period, what shall I do?
How do I get a letter certifying my student status in NTU?
Dean's List for Graduate Programmes
Can I keep my mailbox after graduating or leaving NTU?
Official Transcript for Undergraduate
Can videos be placed on the Web server?
Do I need to purchase a particular overseas travel insurance?
What are some essential information about the Library that freshmen need to know?
Where can I change my choices? Check Document Submission Status? Print Document Submission Slip? Check Application Fee Payment Status? Pay Application Fee? Print Application Fee Payment Slip?
How are points allocated to ECA organised by the Halls' JCRC or other students' organisations
What is iNTU?
What is the role of NTU's Development Office?
Street lighting failure
Can I take more than one Premier Scholars Programmes (PSP)?
Where do I get training on NTU Event Calendar Admin Module?
Will the overseas organisation cover other costs such as airfare, accommodation, insurance etc?
Can I borrow the books at the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
How do I become a member of the NTU Alumni Club?
Who should we contact if we can't find the Invoice / Delivery Address we want in the P2P system?
Can Outlook 2003 or earlier versions of the Outlook client like 2000, XP, etc. connect to Windows LIVE/Office 365 EDU?
How do I check the paper size configured for the network printer?
where is Hall 3?
What percentage of the intake are made up of foreign students?
How do I access VOD titles?
Where can I publish my event?
Interest in Registering for a Course that Showed Nil Vacancy
Can the Library's audio-visual materials be used for screening by schools, student clubs and societies?
What are CAO's operating hours?
Is priority for GEM Explorer given to Singaporeans?
How to login / logout NTU wireless network (wifi)?
Can I make changes to the information in my application after submission?
What are the scholarships and types of financial support available for studying in the School of Biological Sciences?
What is the fax number if I wish to fax you the supporting documents?
Will GER courses be graded? If so, will it be counted in the computation of honours classification?
How can I access Gartner Core Rearch?
Will all the applicants get to attend the MMI?
Do I need to be a matriculated student before I can apply for semester leave of absence?
What are the databases or e-journals that I have access to as a Graduate / Personal / Corporate Member?
My acceptance letter is at the GEM Explorer office. Is it possible for GEM Explorer to send it to me as I am unable to come to the office to collect it?
Does the library provide internship opportunities?
Where is hall 6?
How many hours can I use the Bloomberg terminals? How do I book the Bloomberg terminal in the Library?
Minimum IELTS score for applicants with Singapore GCE 'A' Level or Polytechnic Diploma qualifications
How do I recover deleted emails using Outlook Web Access (Webmail)?
How can I find out more on NTU Library membership?
Why is my NTU username and password rejected after logging in IEEE Xplore? Why do I receive a message about 'all online seats are currently occupied at your institution' ?
When do I need to pay the hall application fee?
What are instructional facilities? How to book them?
How do I pay my application fee if I am an international applicant?
I am an NUS High School Diploma applicant. How do I submit my supporting documents?
How do I use EndNote with China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI)?
What should I submit to DR-NTU?
How do I request to convert photos to digital desktop presentation formats, DVDs or CDs?
What if I only have MC on the final examination and no AAA form from the doctor, will it still be counted as absent or fail for the module?
What is SurveyMail?
Honour Code
Do I need to serve a bond with the Ministry of Education (MOE) after completing my initial teacher training at NIE/NTU?
Where can I apply for change of programme?
As a full time student, can I take a corresponding courses offered to part-time students?
I have forgotten my StaffLink PIN, what should I do?
Where can I proceed to check if I have exercised S/U option?
Is there a deadline for submission of the Exchange Report?
How can I register for courses in Special Terms?
I am a senior and i intend to apply for hall with my younger sister who is going to be a freshman. I have a total of 11 points which doesnt meet the requirement. Will i be given priority?
What is the difference between the broadening coverage offered by Unrestricted Electives (UEs) and the new General Education Requirement (GER)?
Should Polytechnic students study Economics?
Is caching a violation of copyright protection?
How to locate ACI 318:05 (Building Code Requirements for Structural Concrete and Commentary)?
What is the criterion for premium scholarship offered in IGS?
What should I do if I am required to attend NS training during the IA period?
What are the programmes available for students without H2 Science subjects?
Criteria to enter NTU
What if I have problems with creating/editing my school's/department's web pages?
What should I do if I lost or damage my library books?
Will I have the opportunity to go UK Imperial University for one semester or one year of studies during the 5 year MBBS or will all lessons be held in Singapore?
I broke the matriculation card, what should I do?
How do I get to NTU Yunnan Campus? Will there be airport reception available?
Can I change my name and photograph on the matriculation card?
If i'm a ITE holder which don't have O level result so how should i apply for it ?
Is wireless connectivity possible within HSS Library?
Areas of research
Can the same appraiser who wrote the reference report for medicine programme complete the appraisal online under the Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme?
Why can't I find the reference style that is required by my school?
What is the Rekreat website?
do i have to fill in giro deduction form when i already have giro deduction?
How can I apply to study in NTU as a Non-Exchange fee-paying student?
Can I apply for additional quota?
How can I get the wheel-clamp to be released from my vehicle?
Can I appeal to amend my S/U option?
Who should apply using the appraisal form for non-acad admissions?
How do I change my email forwarding address?
Where can I obtain the course syllabus?
Payment of application fee
What is the University Computation Score for local polytechnic applicants?
How do I apply for the NIE initial teacher training programmes?
NTU administered scholarships
I am currently serving NS and will ORD next year Feb.I will be entering NTU in Mechanical Engineering course next year. However, I would like to change my course to Economics. Is there a way to change the course now or I have to wait till march next year to apply again?
SAO fax number
Can I check out library DVDs using the self check machine?
How do I obtain a bank letter and why would my host university require this in my application?
How long has the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme been around?
Do I need to retake a course if I get D?
How to contact Service Desk for assistance on IT matters?
Can I check the outcome of my application for Medicine programme via Discretionary Admissions (DA) Scheme under the status of the normal application?
How can I find journals?
How to apply for Hall during school term
What kind of web hosting services does NTU offer to student clubs?
Where can I find the Internal Security Act for Malaysia?
What is Environmental Engineering?
Exemption for 'A' Level students
Are there any opportunities for laboratory work and research in the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
Seeking for a transfer to NTU
How to apply if I am using my UK 'A' Level result?
Are DD (Acc & Bus) students allowed to do a third specialization at NBS (on top of their Acc and Bus specialization)?
How are the 2 weightage points given for a local student willing to share with an international student and vice versa?
Are the sports facilities open to the public?
When is the release of application outcome for Part-time applications?
I have the following qualifications. Which programmes can I apply for?
What are the strengths of having a specialized NBS Business degree over a general business degree?
How to remove a stored password or other stored information in Internet Explorer?
I am currently serving national service. I had applied for admission last year but was not offered any programme as I did not get a good grade in the Mother Tongue Language. Will it make a difference if I were to re-apply for admission this year?
Who should I contact regarding matters of the hall which I am staying now
I need to register for the course but there is no vacancy, what can I do?
How to send Fax from Email?
What should I do if my neighbours are too noisy?
How to edit EndNote citation style to show a single author (i.e. "Lee et al, 2009" instead of "Lee, Khor, Chan, Lim, Tan, 2009")?
Address of NTU Hall of Residence 13
Why are some exam papers not available on the website?
What will happen if I am too ill to finish my examination paper?
I had completed my Tuition Grant Declaration form online, must I send it back by post or personally?
Can I get a lot of extra space for my project documents and photos?
Does SBS recommend all students to take a minor?
What degrees are offered in NTU?
How do I access my timetable?
Can I select organisations not in my field of specialistion under Phase 2 Selection?
I recently graduated from Ngee Ann Polytechnic's Diploma in Technology (Electrical Engineering). It is a 3-year part-time diploma course. I am now considering applying for NTU's EEE. Are my qualifications make me eligible to apply for the course in EEE (part-time)?
I would like to further my studies in Environmental Engineering. Will my training in NTU provide the necessary foundation for higher studies in, say, USA or UK?
Can I apply for a single room?
When was the Grade Point Average (GPA) system implemented?
I have lost my calculator. Can I use a new one in the examination?
Current Status of your Candidature
What are the scholarships available for GCE 'A' level students?
Does all NTU Libraries have the NTU wireless network?
How many items can I borrow?
I do not have GCE "O" level Cert as I'm from ITE after my GCE "N" level so how will be the percentage count for the 20% in the "O" level?
Can I request the library to find materials that are not available in the library's collection?
I have accepted a priority offer from one of the firm, can I still apply to the other three firms?
I am currently pursuing a degree course in a university. Can I transfer my credits to NTU or be given subject exemption?
If I cannot attend or missed the exam, is there any make-up for the exam?
Would I enjoy tax deduction benefits for making a gift?
Can a student who gets a 'U' grade retake the course and will the 'U' grade be removed from his academic record if he passes it the second time?
Other than the New Undergraduate Experience, does the new Aerospace Engineering degree overlap into other bigger scheme of things?
Will there by any exception to the case?
Are there any financial aid or assistance schemes available for GEM Explorer students?
I have gone for interviews and have received one offer or more, what must I do?
Are there printing facilities in the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
I would like to know the annual tuition fee for part-time students.
What phone number should I call regarding hall security
Where can I print colour materials?
How can I book the Student Activities Centre or Global Lounge to hold an event?
What level of English do I need in order to participate in the Summer Programme?
Will journal publishers allow me to put up my publications for free access to others?
My transcript from the host university is not in English. What do I do?
What do you mean by government 1:1 or dollar-for-dollar matching?
I have a planned sequence of a video for lectures and teaching experiments. How can I get that recorded?
I am unable to use my matriculation card to borrow books or access any facilities. What should I do?
Is the degree audit equivalent to the transcript?
CITS Student IT Assistant Recruitment
How many courses are allowed to add as a credit transfer from the other program
What do I need to logon to Stafflink?
How I will get examination paper of previous years
Do I need to upgrade to the new version of EndNote if I already have an older or previous version of EndNote?
Can I change host universities when I receive the Allocation Offer?
Is it necessary for me to use self-check machines when I want to borrow library materials?
Am I entitled to vacation leave during EIA?
Can I resell my notebook/personal computer purchased under the Computer Ownership Scheme?
How do I know if my Tuition Grant Declaration Form had been received by your office?
Can I connect my computer to the campus wireless and wired LAN at the same time?
What is document delivery?
How do I find out when the library opens and closes?
Why should I give to NTU?
How can visitors access NTU wireless network (wifi)?
I am not able to get to the Internet even though I have an IP address, what can be done?
Can I apply for Special Leave for campus activities (such as freshmen orientation camp, church camp, etc)?
Can I take the examination if I have not paid any school fees?
Where can I find the procedure to submit my final year report (FYP), thesis, dissertation, professional attachment, and professional internship report to the digital repository?
How can I use EndNote for collaborative projects?
Is wireless connectivity possible within Lee Wee Nam Library?
When are bursaries and scholarships given out?
How would I know GEM Explorer's allocation results for Round 2?
Can I go for GEM Explorer (Study/Research) between semesters instead of during?
Why is the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) setting up a medical school?
Where can I send my feedback or input on the Hall Admission Scheme?
I have a singaporean friend which for this academic year never join any ECA, but since his distance point is 8 and plan to apply with me(a malaysian), and he wish to stay at hall. Can he apply and will he get the 1 point for staying with me?
Can I use Post-Secondary Education Account (PSEA) to pay for student bill?
What are the career prospects for graduates from the School of Biological Sciences?
Where can I buy cashcards?
If the period of my leave of absence fall within the registration period, can I still register for course?
May I enquire that if I took the GCE A levels examinations as a school candidate and did not do well for a certain subject, and I decided to retake the particular subject only in the following year, would I be able to use the best grade for that subject for admissions, or I could only use the grade I had as a school candidate?
Convert from Master program to PhD program (or vice versa)
Where are my emails stored?
When I login during the add/drop period, why are the unrestricted electives and GERPE I have added to waitlist during my registration period removed?
How do I back up or save EndNote library and EndNote styles/filters/connection files?
What is ERS (Event Registration System)?
where is hall 16?
If I produce outstanding grades but do not obtain a pass for elementary maths at O level, will I be able to gain entry to courses like Economics and Psychology?
How and when do I submit my mandatory Indemnity Form for GEM Explorer?
Is ECA points transferable?
What are the charges for dance room
Where is the Business Library?
If I am offered a programme but I wish to appeal to change programme, is it possible?
Can alumni access databases and e-journals after they have graduated?
When do I need to pay the tuition fee?
How to reset my network password?
I'm a research student at NTU. I'm interested in your Citation Analysis classes. How do I register for it?
How can I check if the partner university I want is in demand or has limited available spots (vacancies)?
Would I be paid if I am on medical leave or approved special leave?
How to obtain the giro application form for payment
Benefits of Nanyang scholarship
I am under a local scholarship, can I apply for an overseas IA?
I hear about the School of MAE's Leadership Development Programme. Can you tell me more about it? Is this unique to MAE only?
What are the procedures of applying for Service Obligation (SO) Scheme?
Can I make payments for printing and photocopying services in Art, Design & Media Library using an eZLink card?
Are NTU degrees recognised widely?
Is NTU a member of Hindawi Publishing Corporation? Can NTU Libraries make arrangements to join Hindawi as an Institutional member?
must I pay for accomodation in december?
How to apply if I am using my India Standard 12 result?
Where are the restrooms in the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
How to apply for accommodation in the Halls during special term
How will the S/U grade affect a student's CGPA?
Is it possible for Associate Member to access the online databases from home?
I would like to withdraw from the university. How do I proceed with my withdrawal?
if i din't join any eca , can i stil appy for hall?
NTU Campus Map
I would like to take courses but their class schedules clash. Can I request that the schedule for one of them be changed?
I have just submitted my ringbound thesis to my Supervisor. When will I know the results of the thesis examination?
Are there any specific subjects that I need?
Can I apply to business programme if my diploma is in engineering?
How soon would I know the outcome of the review of examination results?
What kind of courses do you offer and how do we register ?
Where is the NTU Medical Centre?
What do I have to do while overseas that relates to GEM Explorer?
accommodation for visiting conference participants
Is the author required to alert the journal publisher regarding NTU's Open Access mandate?
Does NTU's server support FrontPage Extensions? If not, can I still use FrontPage?
How to set up my computer to access the campus network?
How are the Competitions being classified
What is the basis do you use for deciding on the different weightings for travelling distances from the university?
I am a first year student, can I apply for local exchange (Singapore Universities Student Exchange Programme)?
How to set up my computer to access NTU computing facilities?
What is the utiility charge if I install a refrigerator in my hostel room
What programmes are there for students at the age of 16?
For the 8-week attachment, should I be receiving $1200 if my monthly allowance is $600 per month?
Is the Business programme accredited by any professional bodies?
Is there a minimum/maximum course load or no. of AUs to take?
Are higher study year students given priority for the allocation during the Add/Drop period?
Number of student intakes
Can I be exempted from the Qualifying English Test (QET)?
When will PA results be released?
Do you offer the Double Degree (Acc & Bus) programme on a part-time basis?
Where is Lee Wee Nam Library?
Are there any computer terminals in NTU Libraries? Are the computers in NTU Libraries connected to the Internet?
What is a (Outlook) Messaging Profile?
My ORD has been brought forward. What should I do to inform on the change?
My friend who is helping me to register my courses while I was away has registered the wrong index number for me. I would like to change it. The Add/Drop period is over.
How do I accept offer of admission?
any courses of land surveying
giro application form
Does CITS check my computer for vulnerabilities?
Office of Academic Services
What are the companies that would most likely employ chemical and biomolecular engineers?
What are the admissions requirements for Economics degree?
What codes to add for additional customisation for counter with border?
If a student fails a GER course, is he allowed to do his repeat by reading a new GER course as a substitute?
Qualifying English Test
Which databases are available for alumni?
Limit on size of file that is uploaded to online application
How do I delete a print job which is currently printing now?
"Nobody can Ping my computer...". Why is this so?
I have a reseach grant and need a space to conduct my research works. How should I approach this?
How do I apply if I'm an Indian student with international qualification?
How do I use the Favourites folder?
QET Exemption
Can I combine my results from different sittings for the purpose of application for admission?
Access denied although PIN is correct
Where is the photocopy service in HSS Library?
Where can I fix my faulty laptop or personal computer?
How do I withdraw from non-graduating (both exchange and fee-paying) programmes?
How do I apply for course exemption?
What is the URL of my personal website?
Where can I find a list of Universities that offer Humanitarian Studies?
What are the differences between Civil Engineering (CE) and Environmental Engineering (EnvE) in CEE?
Are students allowed to choose their toilet sharers if they wish to apply for Hall 1 and Hall 2?
Can I use EndNote with OpenOffice?
Should I include any language proficiency tests in my application package?
where is hall 10
Please contact or check with the respective school
Can incoming exchange students arrive in NTU at a later date?
I got this error message "Error 645: Dial-Up Networking could not complete the connection to the server. Check your configuration and try the connection again"
How do I know what partner university spots are open in the Round 2?
if I have passed the subject pre-registered for me previously, do I still need to take it this semester
The Aerospace Engineering degree is a joint initiative among several existing divisions of the Engineering school. Will students use the existing facilities? Or are new facilities being built specially for this degree?
What are the special subject requirements for admission?
where is hall 12?
I have missed the deadline for online matriculation. Can I still matriculate online?
When will I be able to know the outcome of my application?
I'm on Leave of Absence (LOA), am I allowed to apply for GEM Explorer exchange (for the semester where I'll be active)?
Intake - Number of Students per Coursework Programme
Are there any computer terminals at HSS Library?
Please check with your School
Why is SCE's Computer Science degree an Engineering degree?
I would like to register for an unrestricted elective /GERPE but the exam timetable clashes with that of my core course.
What are the related databases available for Art, Design & Media?
How much money can I earn with an SCI degree?
What should I do if I plan to stay in Singapore longer than my granted stay validity?
Are students and staff allowed to access FTP sites on the Internet?
Application for Higher Degree Programmes by Research
Are the entry requirements for Bioengineering higher than for other disciplines?
What is the maximum number of AU that I can transfer from non-graduating programmes?
How do I change my Option of Study?
In addition to fulfilling the general entry requirements, what are the special subject requirements for the programmes?
How long does it take for my paper to be published in DR-NTU and available for the research community worldwide?
Who can use the computing facilities in the Hall PC Rooms?
I am an International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma applicant. How do I view or check the status of my application?
Is it possible to access the section for Discretionary Admissions (DA) to edit or complete (if I have not done so earlier) after submitting the online application?
Please write to Admission_Research@ntu.edu.sg
How do I apply for courses to read in NTU on international/local exchange?
Is photocopying of any copyrighted materials allowed? How much can I photocopy under "fair dealing"?
What is the minimum requirement au?
How can I claim items left behind in the examination hall?
Can I gain admission directly to the Second Year of the Computer Engineering or Computer Science course if I have a diploma qualification?
Vacation Leave
What are the unique features of each Premier Scholars Programmes (PSP)?
I got this error message "Error 691: Access denied because username and/or password is invalid on the domain"
How will the offering of GER courses be coordinated?
Who can apply to the LKCMedicine?
Does NTU's servers support FrontPage Extensions? If not, can I still use FrontPage?
Will applicants with ACCA, ICSA,CIMA or relevant polytechnic diplomas or LCCI qualifications obtain any subject exemptions in the Accountancy or Business programmes?
Can students change the courses on the waiting list during the Add/Drop period?
How to get to NTU?
What is the basic entry requirement?
Can I apply with NTU/NIE senior students as roommates?
How to lease space for operating retail shops and outlets in NTU?
How many choices do we get when ranking GER-PE?
Are television and radio programmes copyrighted?
What should I do in the event I suffer an injury or illness during the examination period?
Will I be in a disadvantageous position after learning Chinese for four years, and that working language in Singapore is English (Humanties and Social Science)?
Does the Library have subject guides to help me locate materials?
Do I have to logon to use the campus computers?
What is MySite?
How many international students are able to attend NTU?
Can I borrow book if I am on leave of absence?
How do I know which version does the publisher of my article allow me to submit to DR-NTU for archiving and Open Access?
Are the part-time programmes conducted by NTU eligible for funding under the SDF Scheme?
I have heard about SADM and that there is nothing like it in Singapore or the region. How is it different?
Email to Coureg@ntu.edu.sg
How do I apply for Interbank GIRO facility?
What are the health requirements for admission to the LKCMedicine?
How can I access my mailbox items directly via URL?
How do I find e-books using the Library Catalogue?
Is there a checklist of things I need to prepare before I depart?
What is the initial intake for Aerospace Engineering degree programme?
I am a returning NSmen and I have been offered admission to NTU in previous admission exercise year. What is the procedure if I wish to change to another programme of study?
Do I have to submit accepted publications published prior to the OA mandate?
I am from India. I want admission to NTU for engineering. How to proceed?
What are the undergraduate programmes offered by the School of Biological Sciences?
How much is the hostel fees?
Who can use the computing facilities in the Libraries?
What is matriculation?
Defer the Start of Candidature
If I accept GEM Explorer's Allocation Offer and am allocated to a host university, does that mean that I will be accepted in the host university?
How do new students know if their network / email accounts have been activated?
Can I download / install software on the common PCs in Libraries or Learning Pod @ South Spine?
My NTU transcript is not the latest, can I still submit this in my application to the host university?
Outlook Help and How-to
Can I change / personalise my email address?
How are the students on the waiting list allocated a hall or room?
what financial assistance are there?
Is there a minimum allowance for PA?
Where can I locate the TIME magazine?
Are there any scholarships or financial aids which I can apply?
What is an exchange programme?
Where is Student Affairs Office (SAO)?
Where are the Bloomberg terminals?
What are the job prospects of a graduate in physical and mathematical sciences?
International students fees
how to change address on line
What is General Cut-off Weight (GCW) or General Cut-Off Point (GCP) and how it is derived?
What will happen to my NTU Network Account "student\username" or "assoc\username"?
Where can I hand over a found item?
Where is Office of Academic Services?
What is my service obligation?
What is the duration for the programmes offered by NTU?
How do I configure EndNote toolbar in MS Word for Mac?
Are there any scholarships for students seeking masters in electronics?
What are the opening hours of the swimming pool?
How good are the facilities and infrastructure of the School of EEE?
What rank do I put in the GRAS form for application, as I have no idea what it is?
Are there any printing services available in ADM Library?
I am currently on leave of absence. Can I apply for leave of absence for another semester?
When I select and rank my top three (3) partner universities, how would GEM Explorer allocate me based on my ranking choices?
Will there be any outdoors activities during the programme?
Am I required to source for my own IO placement?
Where is the proper place to park my car without being wheel-clamped?
Where can I top up EZ-link cards at NTU?
How much does it cost to host a student's club website on NTU server?
How much is the registration fee?
Setting up Personal Wireless Router
How long does it take to transfer the credits?
How do I view the print jobs in the network printer queue?
Are materials without any copyright notice or copyright statement copyrighted?
Can you tell me more about EEE?
How many students are accepted per year into the double degree in Biomedical Sciences and Chinese Medicine programme?
Is there Msc in Civil and Structural engineering in Nanyang Technological University?
What is a proxy borrower? And how can I apply for proxy borrowing service?
Why do I get this error message "This NT account does not match with any oracle records"?
What is the criterion to remain in the Accelerated Bachelor's Programme?
How does the right to communicate apply to the use of library subscribed electronic resources?
What is GP?
Will Chinese Major undergraduates have the opportunity to study abroad?
If I have successfully completed a Diploma at a local Polytechnic or LaSalle or NAFA can I be awarded advanced standing in SADM's BFA?
How many AUs can a student choose to be graded on S/U basis?
Thesis Matters - Website
What are the charges for applying for 'temporary-sharing' arrangement
Classification of Honours for students under the CWAM system
What are the rental rates for all the halls?
What are the links to the official Live Counter pages?
How can I get funding for club or sports events?
How to cancel admission?
Where can I download the form for application for admission?
Can I submit more than one online application?
How many courses must be selected from Elective Module A
Computer Lab / Free Access Lab
Is there any sports related courses in NTU?
What if I already have an overseas travel insurance?
Referees for Application
What are the job prospects of a Computer Engineering/Science graduate?
What should I do if my study in NTU is sponsored by an organisation?
How soon must I accept the change of programme offer?
What is the objective of special term for RNS?
If a diploma holder (food technology) work in medical/pharmaceutical industry, can he/she study a course in medical industry?
If my diploma is awarded by a foreign or private institution, can I still apply for admission to NTU?
Can I request for the Library to purchase books for my personal use?
How do I update my address?
What do Civil Engineers do?
Can non-library members visit and view materials at libraries such as the Communication and Information Library (CMIL)?
Can electronic resources subscribed by NTU Library be accessed remotely?
What are the arrangements for my examination should I get chicken pox?
How is NBS ranked in the world amongst other Business Schools?
Where are the restrooms in HSS Library?
What are the supported e-mail client software?
How long has the Business programme been around?
How does the School of Biological Sciences assist freshmen in integrating into university life?
How to change address?
Can I purchase something which is to be delivered outside of NTU (e.g. Duke-NUS or Biopolis)?
Does NTU offer a Law Degree?
Why am I issued with a $30 fine?
My print job is still in the printer queue, even after I tried deleting it several times.
How often do I have to change my account password?
What are the cut-off points for your programmes?
How part-time teaching staff apply for library membership?
The total payable amount for the programmes & misc fees for Singapore Citizen?
Is wireless connectivity possible within the Art, Design & Media Library?
How to configure my computer / mobile device for Dial-up / VPN access to NTU?
What are the codes for a 6-digit counter with a border?
What is MOE?
How to apply if I am using my National College Entrance Exam (NCEE) or Gao Kao result?
If I am not using my Giro to make any payments, can I not submit the Giro form?
GRE and IELTS are Different Measures
Is S/U option applicable for courses taken in Special Terms?
Can the S/U option apply retrospectively to course(s) that a student had already completed for letter grades?
Are there any exemptions granted for Industrial Attachment (IA)?
Can I run scripts on the web server?
How can I find out what courses were previously approved or rejected at a host university that I am interested in?
Is there any financial assistance in place for Overseas Attachment?
What is General Education Requirement (GER)?
Is there any bond attached for Nanyang Scholarship?
I am going overseas for a tour. Can my friend obtain the results for me?
Can seniors use freshmans names to stay in a hall?
How can I apply if I wish to study for a longer period in NTU?
How long do I need to wait for the collection of my matriculation card for replacement of matriculation card?
How do I allow different colleagues to edit different sections of my official website (for non-CMS site/pages only)?
What is Add/ Drop Period?
Is there any bond attached for ASEAN Undergraduate Scholarship?
Will I be given a formula sheet/table during the examination?
What are the TOEFL and GRE requirements?
What are the Part-time undergraduate programmes offered by NTU?
How can I move around Business Library if I am unable to climb stairs?
Where can I get sample of NTU entrance exam?
How does the weighting system works? Does having higher weights mean a better chance of getting the room that I want?
Do you offer the Business programme on a part-time basis?
What are stand-alone computers?
This Aerospace Engineering degree most directly affects prospective A-level and diploma holders. Does it in any way affect our current batch of students? Are there any ways that current students can have a chance to cross into the aerospace curriculum?
How do I request for additional copies of my transcript or degree certificate
What are the medical and physiotherapy treatment available for students?
Can I overload during my normal time for registration?
How to apply if I am using my International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) result?
Where can I find newspapers?
How do I update/create my personal web pages?
Research Scholarships - Extensions
I am interested in taking the psychology course earning the degree of Bachelor in Arts (Hons) majoring in Psychology. Is the course available on part time basis?
What are the qualifications used in determining whether I am eligible to change programme?
I have a query regarding my project/assignment/research and I am looking for related materials in ADM Library. Who can I approach?
How do I de-register for courses that I have signed up?
Where can I use scanning / faxing facilities?
Does the Library accept donations? What kind of donations does the Library accept? How do I go about donating to the Library? Will any acknowledgement be given to the donor?
How are students selected?
What is Special Term?
Where can I find statistics on Singapore?
What are the programmes available at NTU?
How do I UNINSTALL EndNote for Windows?
Technology in Environmental Engineering is moving very fast. How does NTU keep-up and with whom do you collaborate in research and development?
Can I study in NTU if I am not from Singapore?
Examination Time-table
Does tuition fees include accomodation and food?
Can applicants apply for Financial Assistance?
How to access/create MySite for online storage, document sharing, forums or surveys?
what time does the reading room close
What is the opening hours of Wang Gungwu Library?
How are the weightings computed under Cat C?
How will I know where my gift or donation goes to and how it is used?
Can I use my GCE 'A' level results in other sittings for application?
Registration of Courses, Class Timetable, AU System, Maximum AU per Term
Which versions of MS Word are compatible with EndNote ?
I am a foreign exchange student. Can I use a dictionary for my exam?
What should I do if I would like to hold an exhibition in NTU libraries?
What is the deadline for senior students to pay hall application fee?
How to drop one course after deadline
How to apply for accommodation in the Halls without password
How can I publicise my school's/department's events on the Web?
Where can I get a list of Science Citation Indexed journals?
Cheque payable to?
Request for PhD or Master Degree Certificate from the University
How long is the ceremony?
How do the schools/departments' webmasters assign file/folder access permissions (for non-CMS site/pages only)?
Vendor name cannot be found in P2P system.
What is Premier Scholars Programme (PSP)?
Are the campus computers connected to the Internet?
Who will be responsible for the admissions processes and what admissions criteria will be used?
IT support for school's computing facilities and resources
I am a final year student and would like to know the confirmed date of release of of the classification of honours.
I am overseas when Big 4 conducts interview for graduating students, how?
What is my Windows LIVE/Office 365 username and display name?
What if the book I need is missing on the shelf?
Does the SBS Biological Sciences degree have a specific focus?
What is the objective for this special term for RNS?
I am on academic exchange and my host university is trying to source for a suitable IA placement for me. Do I still need to register for IA?
What is Term Funding and Endowment?
Can I visit the library ?
I am a polytechnic student. Can I obtain exemptions for any Year 1 courses in the SBS Biological Sciences programme if I have taken a similar course during my diploma studies?
What will happen to the courses on the waiting list after allocation each day during the Add/Drop period?
What are the financial schemes available?
